1
      The warbands are ambushed, waking up bruised and battered, trapped in an extensive sewer
complex, below a strange and marvelous fortress. These are the labyrinthian passageways below
Lord Nachzehrer’s keep, a powerful vampire running bizarre experiments, injecting humans with
degenerate strains of vampiric disease.
      To escape, the warbands must venture deep into the sewers in search of missing
components to fix a complex piece of machinery. Yet adventurers must be wary, for danger lurks
behind every corner in this place; as they pass through tight corridors, pitch-black chambers, and
noxious tunnels, where creeping terrors and bloodsucking monstrosities shamble about in the
lightless junctions and dank passageways.


      Scenario 1: The warbands wake up in a sewer, in utter darkness. As they try to find a way
out, they’re ambushed by monstrous beings, bloodsucking fiends and experimental creations of
Lord Nachzehrer. To escape, the warband must operate a machine in the cistern, to overflow the
sewers and rise to the top of a large water chamber.


      Scenario 2: Unfortunately, the machine is missing crucial parts, which requires the party to
venture into sewer depths once again. In their explorations, they must navigate many foes and
challenges, passing through nests of creatures and tunnels filled with noxious gases.


      Scenario 3: The warbands jump down a storm drain in search of the final component.
They’re ejected into the junction, an island-like chamber where all the sewage converges. There,
they find the final part to fix the machine, but unbeknownst to the warband, the place is the lair
of a bloodsucking dragon. The warband must fight the creature in a gruelling battle. Upon
emerging victorious, they return to fix and machine and ascent back to the surface.




                                                 2
                                 FORBIDDEN PSALM:




INTRO PAGE
      Welcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted lands and twisted monsters, where
an ever-creeping affliction corrodes the very essence of existence. It is a world of decay and
depravity where once- righteous men and heroes of glorious purpose now struggle to survive as
cults and dark gods vie with one another to consume the last vestiges of humanity.
     In Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted lands of Doaden you will find:
• Three scenarios created for the fantastic monsters from Bestiarum Miniatures;
• Rules for monster.
These scenarios should be played in order.
You will need a copy of the Forbidden Psalm Core Book to play.


     The North is a sparsely populated region historically inhabited by nomadic tribes. The
people are animistic, believing in nature spirits that are contrary to the beliefs of the Church of
Azerai. However, their warriors are fierce, and the region is too craggy and cold to grow much
crop or livestock.
     A military campaign of the magnitude needed to conquer the north would be costly,
arduous, and offer little return. For these reasons, the North maintains independence from the
Empire, the Church finding little benefit in extending its reach into such inhospitable lands.


THE ABHORRENT VAMPIRES

      The Abhorrent bloodline is a bestial strain of twisted beings created by Lord Nachzehrer,
created from experiments with abducted humans, injecting them with various strains of vampiric
blood and genetic materials, morphing them into monsters. The other vampiric bloodlines see
these creatures as despicable abominations. Yet as much as they’re shunned by the other
bloodlines, Lord Nachzehrer's creations are relied upon, building entire monstrous armies, which
are used to guard their castles and hunt for prey. The relationship between bloodlines is tenuous
and rife with political conflict, yet it is an alliance, nonetheless.

      Lord Nachzehrer
      Lord Nachzehrer rules from his isolated fortress, a vast palace of great splendor in the times
of the lost age. It was constructed with wonderous knowledge of architecture and understanding
of technology and science that has since been lost. Such places are rare in this age, often
remaining little more than ruins.


                                                  3
      The Lord himself was once a dominant vampire and leader of the Sanguine Court.
However, over the centuries, he became obsessed with power, turning towards blood infusions
and genetic modifications. With every new infusion, his body and mind changed, becoming more
erratic and unstable, until he was exiled to his isolated castle, where his experiments continue
unhindered. In his exile, Lord Nachzehrer has grown incredibly powerful, drawing power from
the strange, enormous beating heart which he keeps chained within his fortress keep, found in
some devilish place only he may know.

The Castle Sewers
      This adventure takes place within the sewers below Lord Nachzehrer’s castle, and extensive
and elaborate network of labyrinthian tunnels and mechanisms that is by all accounts today, a
technological marvel, filled with mechanical pumps and levers, gates, and drain systems. The
place is damp and dark, the stone walkways slick with water, and filled with hazards like flooded
rooms and collapsing maintenance structures. Worse yet, Lord Nachzehrer’s creeping terrors and
bloodsucking monstrosities shamble about in the lightless tunnels and chambers. At the top of the
sewers are the lower levels of the Lord’s laboratory, where he conducts experiments and creates
his mutated monstrosities.


These scenarios should be played in solo or coop only.




                                               4
5
                                         SCENARIO 1:




     The warbands wake up in complete darkness to the sound of dripping water. Many of the
warbands members have a large, painful rash on their entire shoulders, skin tender and bruised,
and punctured by several small, sharp marks, where blood has scabbed. They feel dizzy and sick,
and as they try desperately to remember what has happened to bring them here, everyone’s
minds are blank. It is as if the past two days have been wiped from their memories.
       A foul smell pierces their nostrils. As the warbands slowly regain awareness of their
surroundings, one of them reaches out in the utter darkness, feeling the shape of a lantern
knocked on the slimy floor. Fumbling a bit but finally manage to light it. The yellowing light
barely pushes back the darkness. Standing in a dirty cell with greasy stone walls. The door to the
cell is slightly ajar. Looking through it, they can see a long sewer corridor leading forward into
the darkness. Water drips from the ceiling and the ground has various patches of streaming
disgusting water.
      Using the light to guide their way the party make their way into the sewer to find a way out.
Finding a machine they think will provide their exit they notice its missing parts they will need to
collect to get free.
     However, as they progress a bloated corpse in the water stands. A grotesque sound emits
from its gaping maw, which extends, filled with serrated teeth and a long stinger-tipped
appendage.


Goal
Fight your way through the foul creatures to find a way out .


Reward
Each warband gain 10xp for making it through


Setup and Treasure
The board should be setup as shown in map 1. It is 10inches by 8 inches.
The water is filthy and any model that takes damage in the water needs to roll a toughness save or become
diseased {Diseased models suffer -3 to all tests until cured}
A1= warbands should be placed in area A1 1 inch onto the board.
A2 = Place 2 Bloodfiends and 1 Bloodsucker per warband here. In addition 2 corpses per warband should
be placed here that can be looted.


                                                     6
A3 = From this pipe on round 4 2 more blood fiends per warband arrive.
A4 = Exit that can only be used once all hostiles are slain.
This scenario is considered to have the darkness condition.


Deployment
All models should be deployed in A1 as above. Each warband can give one model a lantern that provides
light.


Threats
As above.


Solo Play
As Above.


The Scenario ends when all models leave the table via A4


RPG text box
When the party kill the creatures and escape read:
     Making your way through you come across a strange room with levers. As you pull down the lever,
the machine powers up with energy for a brief moment. The platform where you’re standing seems to
move slightly. The pipe lid on the wall briefly opens as a burst of water splashes out of it.
       Yet, suddenly the lid closes again. A spark of electricity jolts from the broken glass tube beside the
lever, and the gears start to make a grinding noise as smoke starts to come out of the machine. The water
level begins to lower as it flows down the drains on the floor. A ladder is revealed and progress is made.




                                                      7
Map 1




 8
9
                                           SCENARIO 2:




       As the warbands unlock the metal gates and descend the rusty ladder into the depths of the sewer,
strange echoing sounds resound from deep within the tunnel. The foul stench of rot and decay becomes
even more intrusive. A few paces away from the ladder, the tunnel divides into two sections; the one on
the right side is closed by yet another metal gate, while the one on the left seems to extend endlessly into
darkness, with the silhouette of a darkened alcove leading to an adjacent chamber.
       As they make their way through the tunnel, they come to a pitch-black chamber. They see an
armored knight at the center, carrying a faint torch. He notices the warbands approaching, holding his
finger to the mouth of his helmet, warning them to be silent. He holds up a hand, fingers wide, gesturing
for the warbands stay in place as he takes a cautious step towards them, but he steps on an old bone,
which cracks sharply under his weight. Too fast for their eyes to follow, an enormous black form flies out
from the darkness, colliding with the man and tearing him away. The torch falls to the ground,
extinguishing as it falls into a puddle of water.


Goal
Kill the Crypt stalker and collect the gears.


Setup and Treasure
Set up the board as shown in map 2. The Board should be at least 20 inches by 20 inches. In:
A1 = Where warbands are deployed.
A2 = Place 1 Cryptstalker and 1 Bloodsucker per warband, equally place 3 gears that warbands will need
to spend an action to pick up and will need to be carried until the next scenario in order for partiers to
escape.
A3 = ladder to keep exploring.
This scenario is considered to have the darkness condition.


Deployment
All warbands should be placed in A1.


Threats
When the Cryptstalker dies read: Suddenly, a huge dented trunk jolts out of a pile of debris, swinging
violently from side to side. A loud screeching roar echoes from the pile, as an enormous malformed beast,

                                                     10
with a gaping maw filled with gnarly teeth, savagely claws itself out of the hole. Standing on its claws, the
creature charges at you, dripping with sewage and blood from its hanging guts.
Place a Bloodghast in A3 and the party must kill it to escape.


Solo Play
See above.


The Scenario ends when all hostiles are dead.




                                                   Map 2


                                                     11
12
                                          SCENARIO 3:




       After fighting the two horrible beasts the party makes it towards an open hatch. Falling down the
drains, they are swept by the filthy sewage, thrashed around the pipe at extremes speeds, descending ever
deeper into darkness. Suddenly, a glimpse of light begins to rapidly surge at the end of the pipe, as they
are ejected with force onto a rocky formation. As they regain their footing and catch up with their
surroundings, they notice a faint natural light coming from the top, hundreds of feet above them. The
island-like formation where they stand, lies amid a gapping abyss. Various pipes alongside the walls spew
its brackish water, making the pungent smell of the converging sewer almost unbearable as it drizzles
over the edges of the island. At the center there’s a strange ruin, with a dim yellow and bluish light
coming from it, emitting a faint buzzing sound.
      As the warbands explore they hear a sound from a nearby chasm. A faint echo resounds from deep
down the chasm before fading to silence. A few seconds later, the sound reemerges, louder and similar to
a screeching roar. Suddenly, an enormous shadow lunges out of the abys, a gargantuan, winged beast. It
opens its maw as it lunges clumsily in their direction.


Goal
Kill the Bloodsucker Dragon.


Reward
The Warband that deals the final blow to the Bloodsucker Dragon earns 10xp.


Setup and Treasure
Set up the board as shown in map 3. The Board should be at least 36 inches by 36 inches. In:
A1 = Deploy the warbands within 4 inches of the pipe.
A2 = Place the Bloodsucker Dragon.
A2 = Place 3 corpses per warband that can be searched as per treasure rules. {if looted in scenario 2 they
are empty}
A3 = The exit ladder.


Deployment
See above




                                                    13
Threats
See above.


Solo Play
The dragons has 10 less HP.


The Scenario ends when the dragon dies




                                         14
     After facing the lurking horrors of the sewers, the warbands finally gathers all the components to fix
the machine, making their ascent back to the surface. Read the following script to continue.
       With all pieces in place, the machine powers up as they pull down the lever. The lid on the wall
slowly opens, as clear, blue water bursts with extreme pressure out of the pipe. The water level begins to
rise rapidly, flowing down the sewer tunnel, and beginning to flood the cistern. As it nears the platform
where the warbands stand, it begins to rise alongside the water. A few moments later, the water flow
stops, as they stand adjacent to the raised area, looking at an open gate from where lights can be seen
flickering inside.
       As they walk along the room, they see various corpses wrapped in bloody rags, stacked on top of
each other over hanging beds. Various machines around the room emit a buzzing sound, and ground
slightly shakes with the incessant movement of various gears grinding beneath the floor. The warbands
make their way through the horrors.
      As they step outside, the warbands feel the faint rays of sunlight hitting their faces, with a cold
breeze lingering in the air. They stand over a small hill, overlooking a wooded area, overshadowed by the
towering keep behind them. Oppressed in a strange darkness so eerily familiar to them.




                                        Monsters
All monsters in Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted Lands of Doaden treat other monsters as friendly.


BLOODFIEND
HP: 15
Morale: - leach 1D6
Armor:1
Special: whenever a Bloodfiend makes an attack the model must pass an agility test. On a failure the
Bloodfiend sucks their blood and heals 1D4.


BLOODSUCKER
HP: 16
Morale: -
Claw 1D6


                                                    15
Armor: 1
Special: whenever a Bloodsucker makes an attack the model must pass an agility test. On a failure the
Bloodsucker sucks their blood and heals 1D4.


CRYPTSTALKER
HP: 22
Morale:12
Pounce 1D10
Armor: 2
Special: At the end of its turn the Crypt stalker emits a deafening wave of force all models within 6 inches
must make a presence test or take 1D6 damage that ignores armor.


BLOODGHAST
HP: 23
Morale:12
Scythe 1D10
Armor: 2
Special: Frightful Presence: when models start their turn within 12 inches they must pass a Presence test
or freeze in fear. Once passed they do not retake this test.


BLOODSUCKER DRAGON
HP: 55
Morale:- *
Armor: 2
Special: When it is he Dragons turn roll a D6 to determine what it does:
    1. Spews blood on all models within 6 iches. They must pass an agility save or take 1D6 damage
    2. Makes a claw attack vs one model within 1 inch that deals 1D8 damage
    3. Tail swipe all models within 3 inches must make an agility test or take 1D4 damage
    4. Take flight, moves 12 inches in the air and can only be attacked by ranged attacks, lands at the
       start of its next turn
    5. Roll twice and take both results
    6. Heal 1D10 and takes no other action




                                                    16
17
18
19
20
