    BESTIARUM
ADVENTURE ARCHIVE
       GUIDANCE
Welcome, Penitent!

Thank you for supporting us, and welcome to the 5E Adventure Archive! This collection of 34 adventures
represents over 3 years of development, and we're thrilled you're diving in.

To help you make the most of the archive, we've prepared this short guide. While it offers suggested
guidance, we encourage you to follow your players' interests and use our campaign as a toolkit to craft a
unique and special experience of your own.




 Walk the Path of Penitence
The Path of Penitence Campaign Guide serves as a robust foundation for utilizing this Archive. Make the
most of the opportunities between adventures, such as those provided in the Hexcrawl Section, to
collaboratively expand upon your Doaden with your players. Use these moments to create future hooks,
establish foreboding atmospheres, and delve into your characters' backgrounds and desires.

For instance, incorporating travel encounters with the dreaded Abhorrents before immersing the party
into the main adventure will add unique depth and tension to the experience. It provides them with
reasons to harbour grudges (and perhaps even develop phobias!).
                   Archive Structure
The Adventure Archive is grouped according to Level and Experience Type, we have a mixture of self-
contained, one-shot experiences, alongside a few multi-part Escalation & Saga adventures, which chart
some of the most dramatic and cinematic moments in Doaden’s history – these can all be woven
together to easily create a long and exciting campaign experience.

This structure is not prescriptive, you can order the adventures however you wish, as the level
bracketing implies.

                                Starting Adventures
Burial Isle and Rise of the Jailer are specifically designed to bring your players into the world of Doaden,
simple and quick to run, they include opportunities to introduce the party to each other, and most
importantly, this strange dark world which they will inhabit!




                                           One-Shots
Most of our adventures are one-shots, designed to be quick to pick up and play. Incorporated into a
campaign, each one can span several play sessions, providing solid anchors to structure your overall
narrative. Between these adventures, we encourage you to blaze your own trails and uncover new
stories with your party. We’ve split our One Shots into 3 Groups, based on their Level Scaling.
Level 1-10 Adventures




Level 5-13 Adventures
Level 5-20 Adventures
                    Man Eaters & Calden Keep Sagas
Four of our earliest 5E Adventures, Man Eaters & Calden Keep are more specific in their utility, firstly,
they have a single level recommendation, not a bracket. You’ll need to keep this in mind if you want to
use them in your campaign.

Secondly they are built in two parts. These Part 2’s do not need to played immediately after the first
adventure, in fact, they benefit from some time away. Again, you can use the Level Recommendations
as guidance for planning a return to Calden, or triggering a Man Eater raid.
                                     Escalation Arcs
Escalation Arcs are longer multi-part adventures, charting some major moments in the history of
Doaden. They can still be used one-shots, but you’ll need to make some more significant adaptations.

Crisis in the North depicts the Empire's struggle against the largest Beastman Horde in history as they
besiege Sturmenburg. Engage in a desperate defense against the cloven menace and witness the fragile
political dynamics between the Empire and its Northern Vassal. "Purgation" and "Under Cover of
Darkness" explore the aftermath of the Siege and are best enjoyed after some time away from the city.
"Bloodfever," the Aurox Minotaurs adventure, serves as an ideal starting point for the Arc, offering
foreshadowing of the events that lead to Grimscar's formidable horde.




In The Eternal Legions Rise, journey from the Penitent Crusade's grandest bastion into the magically
ravaged Ashen Wastes, where the party confronts one of the Empire's most fearsome adversaries: the
Eternal Legions. The adventure 'Dreadlights' serves as an ideal introduction to the arc, as it follows the
party's escort mission of an Imperial Engineer and his mechanical marvel through the treacherous
Deadmire, to the formidable Black Fortress.
               working within an evolving canon
The Archive you see before you is the result of 3 years of continued, monthly development and
worldbuilding, shared directly with our audience. While this approach has allowed us to refine our
creative vision for the world of Doaden, it also means that our audience witnesses both significant and
subtle changes to the 'canon'.

Throughout this Adventure Archive, you'll directly observe the evolution of our vision. Most of these
changes are narrative – such as contradicting information on setting, background and other areas. Most
visibly, you’ll notice that the Map of Doaden changed – we encourage you to use the new, more
freeform Hexcrawl Map mechanics presented in the Campaign Book.

In the future, we plan to revisit some adventures to align them with our latest vision for Doaden. In the
meantime, it's up to you to navigate these narrative contradictions, selecting elements that resonate
with you and your players to shape your own version of Doaden. Embracing ambiguity can enhance the
mysteries of the world – something we certainly endorse!

For example - Guerrin is ultimately just a place name, and the Man Eater siege could take place
anywhere you like – perhaps the party has grown rather fond of a small township on their travels?
Threatening it with the Man Eater’s adventures could create a far more epic, high stakes and emotionally
charged experience than any stock adventure – simply by changing a few place names and characters,
you could delight and surprise your party with a truly emotive experience.

                            Levelling & Atonement
Page 43 of the Path of Penitence Campaign book offers guidance for calculating levelling and atonement
upon the completion of their quests. Remember, this section can be applied to any adventure – perfect
if you’re crafting a homebrew experience based on your campaign’s unique flow, or using one of our
Statblock-only collections.


                                Additional Content
To continue growing Doaden, we also have an ever-growing collection of Statblocks & Lore booklets,
which we continue to release alongside our monthly collections.

These Stat Block & Lore Books are designed to give you more tools & inspiration to expand the world,
with new Characters, Factions and Foes for your party to face. While these books don’t come with pre-
made adventures of their own, we have designed them with the Archive & Path of Penitence Experience
in mind. These booklets should serve as valuable resources for creating custom encounters and stories,
within your unique and evolving campaign – try using one of those calls to adventure and see where the
story takes you!
Thank you for choosing our Adventures as a part of your precious gaming time, we hope you enjoy your
travels in the grim and dark World of Doaden. Remember, you’re a part of a large community of fellow
gamers and game masters. Our Discord Server is the perfect place to chat with your compatriots, to ask
questions, share tips and discuss ideas.




We hope you come join us, and please, share the stories from your tabletop, nothing brings us more joy
than hearing about actual play experiences, and the stories from your tabletop.

Best of luck on your travels through Doaden, you’ll need it!

With our best regards,

Bestiarum Team
www.bestiarumgames.com

     © Bestiarum Studio LLC 2024
Release   Adventure   Collection   Type   Level   Description
