                               The Tainted Lands of Doaden

INTRODUCTION

  Welcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted lands and twisted monsters, where an ever-creeping
affliction corrodes the very essence of existence. It is a world of decay and depravity where once- righteous
men and heroes of glorious purpose now struggle to survive as cults and dark gods vie with one another to
consume the last vestiges of humanity.
In Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted lands of Doaden you will find:

• Three scenarios created for the fantastic monsters from Bestiarum Games;
• Rules for monsters.

 These scenarios should be played in order.
 These scenarios should be played in solo or coop only.

You will need a copy of the Forbidden Psalm Core Book to play.
https://www.forbiddenpsalm.com/forbidden-psalm




  Beastmen are the ancient species that have walked the wilds long before the coming of man.
Following a contentious history with the early nomadic northmen that shared their territory, they have
learned to exist in nature far from the dominion of man, where they may avoid conflict.
  However, in recent years there has been an alarming escalation in the encounters with these beasts.
Survivors describe attacks by feral bullmen overtaken by a savage rage, rabid beasts ambushing caravans
and slaughtering villages, leaving behind nothing but corpses and demolished structures.
  Unknown to the humans, the Beastmen tribes are suffering, their clans plagued by myriad issues.
  Food grows scarce as corruption spreads deep into their plains and forests.
  A wasting sickness has culminated over many generations, causing widespread infertility and decimating
their young populations.
  Worst of all, a new infection, the Bloodfever, spreads among their numbers, causing the infected to become
feral, succumbing to a blinding rage that leads to a devastating loss of mental control and eventual death.
  A team of rangers has traveled north to investigate the reports of these attacks but have not been heard
from in over a week.




                                                                                                                1
SCENARIO 1:
The Ritual
  After a long week following faded forest trails and mountain paths, you finally come to the town of Ubsola.
You see the folk bustling about, stacking wood into a great pile at the edge of town and erecting six large
wooden stakes around it. An elderly man in yellow robes stand by, supporting himself with a gnarled cane and
directing them about.
  Though it is not yet evening, some of the townsfolk appear intoxicated, stumbling about and slurring their
speech. Belligerent singing rings through the air, interspersed by the grunts and moans of passionate fornication.

  You make your way to the Longhouse, past clusters of thatched-roof huts and up a short rise to the wide
wooden structure. Entering through an open doorway, you find servants inside busily setting rows of long
tables, arranging pitchers of ale and piling platters with breads, cheeses, and roasted meats. At the end of the
hall is a large wooden throne. A burly man with a shorty graying beard and dressed in layers of fine animal
hides stands next to the throne, drinking from a horn in his hand. He converses with a few armored men, patting
one on the shoulder and laughing with them before the men take their leave, passing you as they head outside.
Spotting you, the man greets you jovially.
  The Longhouse fills with raucous shouts music as you feast on platters of roasted meats, thick stews, cheeses,
and buttered root vegetables. Servants bustle about, refilling pitchers of potent mead, a slur of honey and spice
that warms your belly and goes straight to the head. Yngvald the burly man stands to his feet, his face ruddy
from merriment. He slams a fist on the table and raises his horn in the air, shouting above the din as the hall
quiets to listen.

“Friends!
Let us give thanks for Morra’s bounty.
Let us honor her sustenance, even in these dark times.
Let us remember those we have lost; our family, to the wills of the gods, for today, we honor them.
Before we proceed, please, raise your drinks to our new friends, brave souls who seek to end the plague that
descends upon our lands.
Let the blessings of Morra shine upon them as well!”

  A rhythmic drumbeat grows outside and slowly overtakes the humdrum of festivities. A young priest in
yellow robes steps into the hall with head bowed. Wordlessly, he kneels to the ground, scraping a handful of dirt
across his face, before heading back outside. The feasters grow hushed, standing to follow behind him in
silence, forming a large crowd as they funnel out of the Longhouse. You follow the crowds to the edge of town
where they had been busy earlier erecting the pile of timber encircled by wooden stakes.

  The logs have been lit, creating a great bonfire which blossoms like a red carnation, its fiery petals tearing
through the darkness. Six men are now bound to the wooden stakes that circle the fire. To the left of each man
stands a priest in yellow robes. The crowd slowly fills the space surrounding the great fire, encircling the men.
The High Priest watches on as villagers step forward; four women and an elderly man, each wordlessly taking
their place in front of a bound man. However, no one steps forward for the last one. The High Priest then turns
his gaze to you, raising an open hand and beckoning you forward towards the last bound man.


                                                                                                                    2
Goal:
Take part in the ritual and defeat the ambush.

Reward:
If you choose to slit the man’s throat at the sacrifice the warband member who took part gets the sacrificial
dagger weapon [1D6, Agility, Cruel and critical cause bleeding].
For each civilian saved a participating warband gains 1xp.

Setup and Treasure:
  Set up the map as shown. Each square is 1 inch by 1 inch.
  Around the fire as shown in the map place 5 sacrifices, and a priest model. In a line. In front of which place
civilians who are participating in the ritual. In front of one of the sacrifices choose one member of each
participating warband to be placed in front of their sacrifice. (Place 1 less civilian if two warbands are
participating).
  At the start of round 1 the civilians will slit the throats of the sacrifices and push them into the fire. Your
warband member must make a choice slit the throat or not. If they do not the sacrifice is pushed into the fire by
the priest at the end of round 1.
  6 Civilians should also be placed in the crowd area. Civilians cower in fear.

 Deployment:
All the warband models that are participating in this scenario should be placed in the crowd they watch the
ceremony.

Threats:
At the start of round 2 two Aurox Warriors and Bloodfevered Brute spawn on random board edges.
At start of round 3 one more Aurox Warrior joins the fight.
Round 4 another Aurox Warrior. Round 5 A 1x Rockgut Raider appears.
On Round 6 2 more Aurox Warriors appear.
Enemies will target civilians if they are the closer models. Civilians have 6HP.

Solo Play
As above but do not spawn the Aurox warrior on round 3 and round 6 only one more Aurox Warrior appears.
Battle ends at the end of turn 8.

RPG text box:

When the ritual begins read:
 As you hesitate, the bound man before you whispers out with a laborious breath.
“Please.”
Even in his heavily drugged state, you can sense a fear, a desperation within him.
The priest places the knife in your hands.
                                                                                                                    3
When the sacrifice is made read:

 The crowd has become withdrawn; quiet and contemplative in their demeanor.
 As you leave the ceremony, a loud scream cuts through the dark from somewhere ahead.
 Then another to the left, and another to the right. People begin to run, forming a chaotic stampede.
 Through the din you hear loud, bestial grunts and a rugged, gutteral roar.




                                                                                                        4
SCENARIO 2:
Fresh Meat
  With the ambush defeated you discover the corpse of one of the missing rangers tied to the mount of the foul
beasts. In his pocket a letter and map detailing the lair of these hideous creatures.
 The village offers you a great reward to slay the beasts.

Goal:
Fight your way into the lair.

Reward:
Each warband participating will gain 20 gold.
The warband that frees Malcor can hire him for free as a mercenary.

Setup and Treasure:
  This scenario takes place inside a cave system as shown in the map for scenario 2.
Inside the cave next to the weapons the party will have to fight its way through 2 Aurox Warriors who guard a
weapons rack that can be searched 5 times to draw a random weapon.
  Before progressing onto the kitchen area.
In this area place a cage as shown in the map.
Inside this cage is the ranger Malcor.
  As an action a warband member with the key to the cage can free Malcor.

Deployment:
Warbands should deploy in the grass area outside of the cave.

Threats:
Inside the cave mouth are 2 Aurox Warriors.
Inside the kitchen next to the fire place the Aurox Bludgehorn, who has the key to the safe.

Solo Play:
Only place 1 Aurox warrior in the entrance area.
Game ends when Malcor is free.

RPG text box:

When the Players arrive read:
  Following the markings on the map attached to the ranger’s letter, you travel through the forests, ascending a
gradual incline until you come to a craggy mountain face.
                                                                                                                 5
  After some searching, you are able to locate sets of Aurox tracks, leading you to a cavernous
entrance in the jagged stone face.

When the players enter the kitchen read:

 The cavern is filled with a thick black smoke.
 A cackling fire at the center of the room fills the air with the smell of cooking meat.
 At the far end of the cavern, you hear a steady thudding and the grunt of an Aurox.
 Its body is twisted and demonic, its hands clawed and strange misshapen spines protrude from its back.
 It brings a large cleaver down repeatedly on the wooden table before it, butchering a dead man.




                                                                                                          6
SCENARIO 3:
To kill that can’t be killed
  As you push deeper into the lair you see fires of several brightly burning torches that circle this cavern, at the
center is a disquieting totem carved in the likeness of a monstrous face, its beastly maw agape with agged teeth.
  The cavity of its mouth is filled with pulsating organs and grinning human skulls.
  A large sow raises her hands before the altar, chanting in the guttering tongue of Beasts.
  Beside her, the corpse of an Aurox, horribly mauled and long dead, stirs and rises, jerking upright as if pulled
by some invisible strings.
  It lets out a shrill yowl as it stumbles toward a wooden wall at the opposite end of the room and slams the
timber planks.
  From behind, you hear an anguished roar, as the sow lets out a braying laugh.

Goal:
Kill the Bloodbrand Matriarch.

Reward:
The warband that slays the Matriarch gains 10 XP, each participating warband gains 20 gold.

Setup and Treasure:
 The room should be setup as shown, this a claustrophobic fight to the death.
 Next to the totem place the Bloodbrand Matriarch and 1 Yoken per participating two warband members.
 Across from the deployment area place the Slaughterhorn Chieftain bound up.
 He can be freed by any model within 1 inch as a free action and then joins that warband for the scenario.
 Enemies will not target him while he is bound up.

Deployment:
See map.

Threats:
Bloodbrand Matriarch and 1 Yoken per participating 2 warband members

Solo Play:
As above.

Scenario end when either the warband or enemies are all dead.




                                                                                                                  7
RPG text:

When the players arrive read:

  You found it hidden behind the wooden wall, a large pit for sacrificial livestock.
  The pit currently holds the Slaughterhorn Chieftain and the remains of a human. The Bloodbrand Matriarch
has been holding the Chieftain here, taunting him and starving him, waiting for his will to break so that he
feasts on the human flesh and joins the Bloodbrand Cult.
  The Chieftain is very weak, and bound by ropes

  If the Chieftain survives the players can choose to ally with him and clear the rest of his clans home of
the enemies within (see rpg module) or kill him and take the spoils for themselves.




                                                                                                               8
NPCs:

Malcor

Agility: +1 Presence: 0 Strength: +1 Toughness: 0

Equipment:
Light Armor and Short Sword
Flaws:
Vengeance: Will always move towards monsters if they can. Does
not preform any other actions if in line of sight of enemy monsters.
Feat:
Rage: Also deals max damage to monsters.




Slaughterhorn Chieftain

Agility: +0 Presence: +0 Strength: +3 Toughness: 0

Equipment: fists
Flaws: weakened state. Has -2 HP
Feat: Rage: Fist Fighter, Fist deal 2 damage instead of 1.




                                                                       9
Monsters:
 All monsters in Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted Lands of Doaden treat other monsters as friendly.




Aurox Warriors

HP: 12 Morale: 10 Axe: 1D8 Armor: 1

Special:
If Warrior moves before it makes an attack
damage of Axe is increased to D10.




                                               Yoken

                                               HP: 10   Morale: - Putrid claw: 1D4 Armor: 0

                                               Special:
                                               Models hit by the Yoken must pass a Toughness test or
                                               become poisoned.
                                               When a Yoken drops to 0HP roll a D20 on a result of a 9 or
                                               lower instead of being killed the Yokens health instead drops
                                               to 1HP.




                                                                                                           10
                                                              Rockgut Raider

                                                              HP: 16 Morale: 10 WarAxe: 1D8 Armor: 1

                                                              Special:
                                                              If Rockgut Raider moves before it attacks damage
                                                              is increase to 1D12.




Bloodfevered Brute

HP: 30 Morale: 10
Gore: 1D10 Armor: 0

Special:
The Brute makes two attacks against
models within 1 inch.
If only one model is within 1 inch it makes both
attacks against this model.
If there are more than 2 models randomise its targets. Both
attacks provoke attacks back.




                                                                                                             11
                                                            Aurox Bludgehorn

                                                            HP: 50 Morale: -    Earth Shatter: 2D6   Armor: 1

                                                            Special:
                                                            When the Bludgehorn makes a successful attack with
                                                            Earth Shatter all models not targeted but within 2
                                                            inches must pass an Agility save or also take the
                                                            damage dealt.




Bloodbrand Matriarch

HP: 30 Morale: -        Blast: 1D6; Quarterstaff:
1D4 Armor: 1

Special:
If no model is within 1 inch of the Matriarch it
makes a blast ranged attack up to 12 inches away
against the nearest model. If a model is within 1
inch instead it attacks with its quarterstaff.
At the start of its activation as a free action it raises
a Yoken.
Place the Yoken in a free square within 6 inches of
the Matriarch.
                                                                                                                 12
Credits:
Developed by:
 Bestiarum Games

Game Design:
 Kevin Rahman

Lore:
 Marcus Harland
 Alexander Dovermann

Graphic Design:
  Katarina Popovici




                       13
