1
                         ADVENTURE SUMMARY:



   In this scenario, the warband/s must investigate the strange happenings around Essenvald,
an old village hidden away in the southern Black Forest. As the townsfolk slide into madness,
the party must confront the culprit and put an end to its reign of terror before its influence
spreads any further and it begins to corrupt any more surrounding villages.

Chapter 1: The scenario begins as the warband/s investigates the isolated village of
Essenvald, where the people have succumbed to a strange madness. In secret, the villagers
are practicing dark magic, worshipping a sinister creature lurking in the surrounding forest.
The closer the party gets to uncovering the truth, the more hostile the villagers become,
making their investigations increasingly perilous.


Chapter 2: Following the trail of clues, the warband/s finds a wicked hag at the center of the
village’s corruption. After slaying her, loud braying echoes from the depths of the forest,
driving the villagers to a frenzied state and forcing the warband/s to fight for their lives.


Chapter 3: Having survived the attack, the warband/s plunges into the forest on the hunt for
the creature, an evil Bies, dodging through the mist and avoiding several hazards as they
follow the bleating call, coming face to face with the monstrous creature, a demonic goat-like
entity, and engaging in desperate battle.




                                               2
                              FORBIDDEN PSALM:



INTRO PAGE
        Welcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted lands and twisted monsters,
where an ever-creeping affliction corrodes the very essence of existence. It is a world of
decay and depravity where once- righteous men and heroes of glorious purpose now struggle
to survive as cults and dark gods vie with one another to consume the last vestiges of
humanity.
       In Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted lands of Doaden you will find
• Three scenarios created for the fantastic monsters from Bestiarum miniatures.
• Rules for monsters
       These scenarios should be played in order.
       You will need a copy of the Forbidden Psalm Core Book to play.
       The North is a sparsely populated region historically inhabited by nomadic tribes. The
people are animistic, believing in nature spirits that are contrary to the beliefs of the Church
of Azerai. However, their warriors are fierce, and the region is too craggy and cold to grow
much crop or livestock.
       A military campaign of the magnitude needed to conquer the north would be costly,
arduous, and offer little return. For these reasons, the North maintains independence from the
Empire, the Church finding little benefit in extending its reach into such inhospitable lands.


THE VILLAGE IS LOST, MY LORDS. THE FOLK HAVE BEEN TAKEN BY MADNESS. THEY GROW
INCREASINGLY ERRATIC AND HOSTILE TO MY PRESENCE. I SUSPECT THEY PRACTICE THE
OLDEN WAYS SECRETIVELY IN THEIR HIDDEN HOVELS, WORSHIPPING SOME EARTHEN EVIL
IN THE WOODS. IT DRIVES THEM. IT CALLS THEM. I CAN ALMOST SEE IT SOMETIMES, A
SHIFTING SHADOW BETWEEN THE TREES. ON THE DARKEST NIGHTS, I HEAR IT, CALLING,
BRAYING, ALWAYS BLEATING, BLEATING, BLEATING. OH, PLEASE MAKE IT STOP! I BEG OF
YOU, MY LORDS, YOU MUST MARSHAL THE CRUSADE. THIS PLACE, THESE PEOPLE, MUST BE
PURGED BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.




These scenarios should be played in solo or coop only.




                                               3
4
                                         SCENARIO 1:



        As you approach the village, the thick forest opens up to a clearing. You hear distant
chanting and guttural human voices. As you get closer, you see through a hazy mist that the
villagers are gathered around a bonfire, their twisted bodies silhouetted against the
flickering flames. The village is a desolate place. The cottages are old and worn, and their
walls caked with grime and moss. The dirt roads are rutted and pitted. Beyond the gathered
villagers, you see an old chapel. Its windows boarded, though its belltower still stands tall.


Goal

Investigate what happened and uncover the clues.



Reward

Each warband gain 10xp for discovering what happened.



Setup and Treasure

The board should be setup as shown in map A. It is 40inches by 40inches.

        A1= Front Gate: warbands should be placed in area A1. The Gate is open.

        A2 = Old Windmill, a model within 1 inch can make a presence test to find a clue on a
success read:

         As you read the letter, the woman suddenly turns to you, hatred filling her eyes. She reaches
for a rusted scythe leaning against the wall, waving the crude tool in the air as she shouts out in a
high-pitched voice, a single word.

“Leave!” spawn a Crazed Scyther within 1 inch of the model that was successful in its presence test.

This counts as 1 clue being investigated.

         A3 = Rundown Cottage: model within 1 inch can make a treasure roll, if roll is failed it
cannot be repeated by that model, once a roll has succeeded no more rolls should be made. If the roll
is failed, the mad Woodcutters in A4 become hostile.

        A4 = Village Square. Deploy two mad woodcutters per warband around the fire.

The villagers are completely entranced by the flames. They pay no attention to the warband/s
approach. However, if the warband/s attempts to interact with them or interacts with any of the clues
in this area, they become erratic as they snap out of their trance. Their eyes roll back into their heads
as they speak in a language that is unintelligible, screaming toward the party, they become hostile.

Place a runestone in this area alongside the fire.



                                                     5
If a warband member gets within 1 inch of the rune stone read

         As you touch the runestone, your mind is struck by a vision like a dream. You are in a
forest glade, the air filled with laughter, screams, and a deafening braying. A blazing fire
erupts at the center of the glade and shadows dance around it, morphing into a monstrous
goat-headed figure. The thing stands amid a group of crazed peasants, dancing naked in the
mud. Some bow and crawl to the creature, kissing its pulsating belly. Suddenly a baby’s cries
split the air as a mishappen goat burst from between the creature’s legs. With a roar-like
bleating, the vision retreats and you find yourself back in the village, looking at the stone.
This counts as 1 clue being investigated.

This triggers the Mad Woodcutters in this area who then become hostile.

        A5 = Old Chapel, model within 1 inch can make a treasure roll, if roll is failed it cannot be
repeated by that model, once a roll has succeeded no more rolls should be made. If the roll is failed,
the mad Woodcutters in A4 become hostile.

         On a success the warband/s see inside the chapel A tall Mendicant Friar is kneeling in front of
the altar. He is muttering in a strange language, grasping firmly onto a torn-apart book in his hands. A
large woman, the Village Hag, is behind the altar, and beside her, a little green creature, one
Domovoy, is sitting on the floor. The Village Hag is stirring a viscous crimson liquid inside the bowl
as the Domovoy hands her various ingredients from his sack.

On a success read:

        As you approach, the little green creature sitting beside the woman perks up and
exclaims, "Oh, oh, we have company!" before snapping its fingers and vanishing into a cloud
of smoke. The woman cackles wickedly, and suddenly the heavy wooden door behind you
locks with a loud click. The air becomes thick, and the room fills with muttered whispers. The
bulky, tall man rises from his kneeling position and reaches for the mace at his belt, letting
out a blood-curdling roar as he charges toward you.

This counts as 1 clue being investigated.

Place the Mendicant Friar within 1 inch of the successful model and they are now hostile to
the warband.

When the Friar is killed the Hag leaves the chapel and attacks, place the village hag within 1
inch of the Chapel entrance.

         A6 = Ruined Barn model within 1 inch can make a treasure roll, if roll is failed it
cannot be repeated by that model, once a roll has succeeded no more rolls should be made. If
the roll is failed, the mad Woodcutters in A4 become hostile.

         A7 = Village Hag’s Hut, models within 1 inch can make a treasure roll. If the roll is
failed, that model cannot repeat it. Once a roll has succeeded no more rolls should be made. If
the roll is failed, the Woodcutters in A4 become hostile.



                                                   6
O = Oil Barrels. Throughout the area are oil barrels marked with an O. They have AC 1 and 5
Hit Points. If hit by any source of fire damage, the barrel explodes. All creatures within 5
inches suffer 5 fire damage.
Deployment

All models should be deployed in A1 as above.

Threats

As above

Solo Play

As Above

The Scenario ends all clues are found.

RPG text box

When the party kills the hag read

As the hag drops to the ground, a loud roar-like bleating bellows from deep within the dark woods
outside. As it fades away, you begin to hear the villagers outside screaming, howling, and poorly
mimicking the braying call. A faint wailing starts to grow louder, as something heavy begins to pound
against the still-locked door.




                                         Map A. Essenvald

                                                  7
                                          SCENARIO 2



        As you venture into the misty woods, the dense canopy of twisted and gnarled trees blocks out
most of the light, casting eerie shadows upon the damp ground covered in a thick layer of
decomposing vegetation. Suddenly, a deer jumps out of the brush a few feet away from you, snapping
twigs and vines snaking across the floor, causing rustling sounds that echo unnaturally loud
throughout the woods. It freezes, staring wide-eyed at you. Just then, a bleating roar echoes from the
mist, and heavy, fast stomping can be heard coming toward the deer. Trees start to break and fall as
the sound gets louder and closer. Suddenly, a giant behemoth of a creature dashes out of the woods,
biting onto the deer and carrying its corpse in its mouth as it dashes back into the deep forest,
vanishing through the brush and mist.

Goal

Hunt the Bies and kill it.



Setup and Treasure

Set up the board as shown in map b. The Board should be at least 30 inches by 36 inches.

This scenario mist is in effect. All ranges for all attacks and spells are reduced to just 3 inches. All
lines of sight are only 3 inches long.

The warband/s are hunting the Bies that is hiding in the mist. When a warband member gets within 1
inch of B2, B3, B4 and B5 roll a D6 on a result of a 1 the Bies is there, place the Bies within 3 inches
of the model that found it. Areas can be revisited multiple times until a 1 is rolled. Once the creature
is found do not roll for new areas.

        B1 = Where warbands are deployed

        B2 = Kikimora’s Den, when a warband member gets within 3 inches spawn 1 Kikimora per
warband {the first time only}. Models within 1 inch can make a treasure roll, if roll is failed it cannot
be repeated by that model, once a roll has succeeded no more rolls should be made.

        B3 = Forest Overlook, the overlook is located on the edge of a gorge overlooking a valley in
the woods. Three large rocks are arranged in a triangle shape on the overlook, with a runestone placed
on top of the largest rock.

When a warband member gets within 3 inches spawn 1 Chort on the largest rock {the first time only}.

       B4 = Hanging Tree, a presence test can be taken here by a model within 1 inch. On a success
a model gains +1 presence. On a failure they must make a morale check.

        B5 = Bies’ Feeding Ground, model within 1 inch can make a treasure roll, if roll is failed it
cannot be repeated by that model, once a roll has succeeded no more rolls should be made.

V = Vines, models that pass over vines must make an agility test. On a failure a Kikimora spawns on
a random board edge and begins to move randomly 1D6 a round {this mist means the Kikimora can
only see models within 3 inches}


                                                     8
Deployment

All warbands should be placed in B1.



Threats

As above



Solo Play

See above



The Scenario ends when the Bies is slain.



When the Bies is slain read

        The deformed goat creature falls to the ground with a heavy thud. Its multiple eyes go
glassy, with a mixture of thick blood and black ooze drizzling from its mouth. The forest goes
dead silent as the mist suddenly begins to clear, revealing the full extent of the corrupted
nature that has befallen the area. Trees twisted and gnarled; their branches caked in a thick
layer of black slime. The ground is covered in rot and decay, with bones and viscera
scattered everywhere. Yet the forest seems to whisper a sigh of relief, as the heart of
corruption begins to leave the soil.




                                              9
Map B. Bleating Forest




         10
                                         SCENARIO 3:



        As you touch the glowing runestone, the world around you turns pitch black. The world and
sounds of nature are torn apart by a deafening, screeching braying as a red mist begins to swirl
around you. Shadows dance in a crazed frenzy, intertwining with the mist and shaping around a
clearing. The surrounding trees morph impossibly large into a solid wall of thick timber trunks. Three
massive rock formations erupt from the ground as a grotesque altar takes shape. A monstrous goat-
headed creature stands at the center of the phenomenon. It bellows and bleats as it holds its rounded
belly with one of its many paws. The creature points at you with elongated, bony fingers. As it holds
up an open hand, you see a glowing red iris at the center of the palm staring at you with a baleful
crimson wrath.



Goal

Kill the Demon and destroy the alters.



Reward

The Warband that deals the final blow to Baphomet earns 10xp



Setup and Treasure

Set up the board as shown in map 3. The Board should be at least 16 inches by 11 inches. In

C1 = Deploy the warbands within 1 inch

C2-C4 = Demon Altars Three altars are perched atop huge rock formations that stretch up to 6 inches
tall. The altars are adorned with various sigils and symbols etched deeply into the stone. Various
candles and braziers are encrusted around the altars. No warband member can leave this scenario until
all are destroyed. They have 8hp and 1armor.



Deployment

See above



Threats

Place Baphomet in the centre of the map



Solo Play

The Scenario ends when the Baphomet dies.

                                                 11
         The creature lets out a deafening screech as it collapses to the ground with a sickening thud.
With its fall, the world around you slowly turns dark once more as the demon's death seems to
reverberate through the mist. The chirping of birds and howling winds steadily reappear as the
shadows start to retreat, revealing once more the forest of Essenvald around you. You stand back at
the top of the wicker tree, with the runestone crumbled to pieces at your feet. The creature's corpse
has vanished, leaving only a deformed, bony claw with a pulsating crimson eyeball jutting out of its
palm before that too fates into nothingness.




                                                   12
All monsters in Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted Lands of Doaden treat other monsters as friendly.




HP: 10

Morale: -

{Sacred Flame: ranged:1D6}{Club:1D4}

Armor:0

Special: ignores morale




HP: 11

Morale: -

Axe 1D10

Armor: 1

Special: This creature makes two attacks, only one of which is opposed.




HP: 11

Morale:-

Scythe 1D8

Armor: 0

Special: This creature makes two attacks, only one of which is opposed




HP: 15

Morale:10

Claw 1D6

Armor: 1

Special: models hit by its attacks must make a toughness test. On a failure they miss their next
activation.

                                                  13
HP: 25

Morale:-

 *

Armor: 2

Special: When it is the Hags turn roll a D3 to determine what it does

     1. Attacks nearest model with poison spray [ranged 1d6 damage]
     2. Curses a model, model makes a presence test and on a failure 1 stat is reduced by 1.
     3. Claws the nearest model claw [1d4 damage]




HP: 28

Morale:10

Cleaver 1D10

Armor: 2

Special: If the Chort critically hits it deals twice as much damage as normal




HP: 40

Morale:10

Cleaver 1D10

Armor: 2

Special: If a Bies moves before it attacks it deals maximum damage.




HP: 50

Morale:-

*

Armor: 2

Special: When it is the Hags turn roll a D4 to determine what it does

1.       Attacks nearest model with fire ball [ranged 1d6 damage and all models within 3 inches also
         take 1D4 damage]



                                                  14
2.   Finger of death, points at a single model that must make a Presence test. On a failure it is
     downed on 0hp

3.   Claws the nearest model claw [1d10 damage]

4.   Leaps, roll a dice to determine which direction and demon leaps 6 inches in a straight line.
     Once it lands reroll on this table.




                                                15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
