                           The Tainted Lands of Doaden

INTRODUCTION

  Welcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted lands and twisted monsters, where an ever-
creeping affliction corrodes the very essence of existence. It is a world of decay and depravity where
once- righteous men and heroes of glorious purpose now struggle to survive as cults and dark gods
vie with one another to consume the last vestiges of humanity.
In Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted lands of Doaden you will find:

• Three scenarios created for the fantastic monsters from Bestiarum Games;
• Rules for monster.


 These scenarios should be played in order.
You will need a copy of the Forbidden Psalm Core Book to play.
Across these scenarios warbands should not replace members that die outright, this is a desperate
mission behind enemy lines.




 The Sol Blade is a legendary sword said to radiate with the energies of the sun and capable of
destroying the many demons and nightmare fiends that plague the realms.
 The Penitent Crusade has located the mythical sword deep within the ancient fortress known as
Calden Keep. Deliverer, Primus Hintralius, commander of the Crusades elite special operatives, has
been tasked with recovering the mythological weapon.
 However, retrieving it will be no small task.




                                                                                                     1
SCENARIO 1:
Cloaks and Daggers
  You have received a letter stamped with the wax seal of the Crusade; three equidistant rings set
inside a larger ring and joined together at their focus by a smaller one. The letter is from Primus
Hintralius, who demands your audience regarding a confidential mission. Trekking through damp
hills of the western reaches to a small encampment north of the town of Guerrin. On arrival you meet
the Primus, siting behind a small desk, sharpening several serrated blades. She informs you that a
weapon on great importance the Sol Blade is inside Calden Keep and she will reward you if you
retrieve it.


Goal:
Get over the walls and into the city.


Reward:
The guards were guarding a small fortune hidden in boxes. Each warband that participates gains 10
gold. This gold is not found if the warbands end the scenario by all members entering the tunnel.


Setup and Treasure:
Each warband starts on the other side of the wall. The wall is 3 inches high and must be scaled by
models by making a DR10 Agility check. Those that fail take 3 damage and fall back down.
On the other side of the wall are 2 Dark Acolytes and 2 Phalanx per warband participating.
As shown in the diagram, 3 inches from the board edge an entrance to the tunnel should be placed.
This tunnel entrance requires a DR 10 Strength check to open.


Deployment:
All the warband models that are participating in this scenario should be placed in the deployment
area. Models may leave the board via the tunnel entrance.


Threats:
The Guards should be placed facing away from the wall. The guards do not activate unless they are
attacked, or a model fails its agility test to scale the wall.


Solo Play
As above.


Battle ends when all enemies are dead, or all models have entered the tunnel.

                                                                                                     2
RPG text box:

When the party reach the wall read:

 Over the wall you hear the distinct sound of guards, maybe you can get the drop on them if you are quiet.
Over the wall you go.


When the party reaches the tunnel entrance and opens it read:


 The ancient planks of the trapdoor shatter, filling the air with dust as they drop into a deep cavity.
You can make out the rusted iron rungs of a ladder leading down into a narrow earthen tunnel.
You hear enemies coming from across the city drawn to your battle with the guards here.
Time to descend.




                                                                                                             3
SCENARIO 2:
The Torture
  Descending the depths you travel through tunnels, past pits filled with the dead and other horrors
of these dark tunnels.


Goal:
Kill The Torturer


Reward:
The Nameless Prisoner will fight for the warband who frees him


Setup and Treasure:
In the centre of the board place the Torturer. Towards the back of the room place a cell and inside the
Nameless Prisoner.
The cell can be opened with either a DR15 Strength check or the Black Iron Key that the Torturer
drops when slain
Each player should place 3 bodies around the room that can be searched as per treasure rules.


Deployment:
All the warband models that are participating in this scenario should be placed at the entrance to the
Torturers Dungeon. This scenario is only played in COOP or solo.


Threats:
The Torturer summons 2 Tormented souls every round from the prisoner pits.


Solo Play:
Only spawn 1 Tormented soul per round.


Game ends when the torture is dead and nameless prisoner is free.




                                                                                                         4
RPG text box:

When the Players arrive read:

  You push open the large metal door and see the Torturer’s stern face as he emotionlessly carries out his
devious work.
Inflicting pain and suffering on those unfortunate souls who have garnered the suspicion of the Undying Lord.
Piles of bodies litter the room.


When you free the Nameless prisoner read:


 The Prisoner offers no name but agrees to help those that freed him.
He has been trapped here since the time of the revolution.
He offers his assistance and will take you to the Sol Blade.




                                                                                                                5
SCENARIO 3:
To kill that can’t be killed
 The nameless prisoner helps the party find its way through the tunnels and to Ur’s Tomb.
Past here he tells you is the Undying Lord.
Take the blade and strike him down.


Goal:
Find the Sol Blade and Kill Undying Lord


Reward:
Free the people and end this horror.


Setup and Treasure:
This scenario has two parts.


Part 1 the board is a 1ft-by-1ft board all warband members start in the middle of the room and must
search the crypt for the Sol Blade.
Scenario 2
After finding the Sol Blade the party must fight the Undying Lord.
The second part is also played on a 1ft-by-1ft board.




                                                                                                      6
Part 1.


Place 6 crypts equal distance apart across the room.
Each one can be searched with a Presence Test.
On a successful roll on this table to see their contents
   1.   Random treasure
   2.   Tormented Soul
   3.   Nothing
   4.   Sol Blade (if already found contains nothing)
Once the Sol Blade has been found and all hostiles are eliminated from the board the party should
move onto part 2.




                                                                                                    7
Part 2


  Place the party in the door entrance as shown in part 2 map.
Place as shown the Undying Lord. Before combat the players can make a choice.

  If they decide to side with the Undying lord, they can kill the Nameless Prisoner who was
responsible for the peasant uprising and brutal slaughter of the Undying Lords people.
  In doing so the Undying Lord is replace with Reincarnated Amalgam who will block their escape
until it is killed.


Deployment:
See above.


Threats:
Part 1 each round a Phalanx will appear in the crypt on a random board edge and try and stop the
party finding the Sol Blade.
In part 2 no additional foes are present.


Solo Play:
See above.


Scenario end when either the Undying Lord
or Resurrected Goliath is slain.




                                                                                                   8
RPG text:

When the players reach the Undying Lord read:


 The foul Lord who has hurts so many looks at you and speaks with a hollow voice.
He is the one that did this to us, kill him and side with me.
He points and the nameless prisoner who grits his teeth and prepares to fight.


When the players kill what is front of them and escapes read:


 You have brought some peace to this land maybe?
Or did you side the Undying Lord?
Will his vengeance continue to destroy this land?




                                                                                    9
Sol Blade
Strength: 1D10: Ignores all Armor.


Monsters:
 All monsters in Forbidden Psalm:
The Tainted Lands of Doaden treat other monsters as friendly.




                                          Dark Acolyte

                                          HP: 8 Morale: 8 Bow: 1D6 Armor: 2

                                          Special:
                                          Dark Acolyte do not move towards enemies instead
                                          making a ranged attack against the nearest model within
                                          12 inches.
                                          If a hostile model is within 1 inch of the Crossbowman
                                          they make an improvised attack instead, 1D4.




Tormented Souls

HP: 8 Morale: - Makeshift Weapon: 1D4 Armor: 0

Special:
If another Tormented Soul is within 3 inches gain +3 to
attack rolls.



                                                                                                10
                                       Torturer

                                       HP: 30 Morale: 12 Tortures sickle: 1D8 Armor: 0

                                       Special:
                                       Aura of Pain:
                                       All models within 12 inches of the Torturer must make
                                       a Toughness test before they can activate. On a failure
                                       they take 1d4 damage. On a Fumble they take 1D10
                                       damage.
                                       Pain is Pleasure:
                                       The Torturer reduces all damage by 2 regardless of
                                       any other rule.




Phalanx

HP: 9 Morale: 7 Spear: 1D6
Armor: 2

Special:
Sheild Bash:
Whenever a model fails at a melee
attack roll against the Phalanx, the
Phalanx deals 1D4 damage to them.




                                                                                            11
                                                 The Undying Lord

                                                 HP: 50 Morale: - Decrepit Sword : 1D12
                                                 Armor: 2

                                                 Special:
                                                 Aura of Fear:
                                                 All models when activating within 6 inches
                                                 must pass a Presence test on a failure they
                                                 cannot move towards the Undying Lord.
                                                 The Undying Lord heals 10HP every round he
                                                 activates.
                                                 The Undying Lord never drops to less than 1HP
                                                 regardless of damage dealt. Only the Sol Blade
                                                 can take the Undying Lord below 1HP
                                                 Everything within 12 inches of Undying Lord is
                                                 considered to be in darkness.




Resurrected Goliath

HP: 45 Morale: - Crush: 1D10 Armor: 2

Special:
Aura of Suffering.
Models within 12 inches of the Amalgam must
make a Presence test each time they activate,
on a failure they suffer -3 to all rolls, on a
fumble they cannot activate.




                                                                                               12
Credits:
Developed by:
 Bestiarum Games

Game Design:
 Kevin Rahman

Lore:
 Marcus Harland
 Alexander Dovermann

Graphic Design:
 Katarina Popovici




                       13
