1
    Court of Balazar
        Faction Lore




2
                World of Doaden

W
         elcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted lands
            and twisted monsters, where an ever-creeping affliction
                    corrodes the very essence of existence.


 It is a world of decay and depravity where once-righteous men and
   heroes of the glorious purpose now struggle to survive as cults
 and dark gods vie with one another to consume the last vestiges of
                              humanity.


It is a world of death, trapped in the fading dusk of a fallen empire.
The heroes that wander these lands are no grand adventurers to be
                   honored in songs of minstrels.


    For the heavy deeds and decisions these wanderers undertake
   invariably leave them disheartened, broken, nothing more than
     soulless husks and shadows of their once-glorious selves.


Yet as dark as Doaden may be, humanity clings to life with a stubborn
          tenacity, a last flickering flame within the dark.


 A last hurrah, a final war cry that shall echo in the black abyss of
       eternity, a momentary victory before the endless night.




                                                                         3
                            Credits

    Developed by:
      Bestiarum Games

    Lead Game Designer:
      Alexander Dovermann

    Faction Lore:
      Alexander Dovermann
      Marcus Harland

    Art & Graphic Design:
      Marina Jukova
      Alexander Dovermann
      Katarina Popovici




                                ON THE COVER:
                                BALAZAR


                                “
                                   Balazar is a powerful and extremely intelligent demon
                                prince.
                                   He is wise in philosophy, history, science, religion, and
                                many other fields.
                                   He already knows what the party seeks as several
                                crusaders have come before requesting the Cypher Tablet.
                                To each he makes the same offer; if they entertain him, he
                                will give the tablet.
                                   However, none have passed his trials – a deadly test
                                oof the body, mind, and soul.




                                                                                    ”
4
                                 Contents



Court of Balazar                             2
World of Doaden                              3
Credits                                      4
Contents                                     5
Faction Lore: Court of Balazar               6
Bouffon Hunchback Jester                    10
Flayed Slave                                12
Cabal Mage                                  14
Exalted Archer                              16
Exalted Spear                               18
Gladiator Sentinel                          20
Gladiator Ravager                           22
Voice of Lords                              24
Cabal Assassin                              26
General Atraxes                             28
Keeper of Keys                              30
Keeper of Secrets                           32
Lamashtu Scion of Suffering                 34
Balazar Lord of Excess                      36
Environment                                 38




                                                 5
                          faCtion lore:
                        Court of Balazar

    Balazar’s palace is a gleaming sight. Its outer walls shine with stunning blue lapis lazuli
    and bright veins of gold. Idols and statues line the halls and magnificent tapestries drape
    every wall. The floors are lain in vibrant mosaic patterns. Fountains gush with crystalline
    water that flows into fruiting gardens. Tables are laden with exotic fruits and roasted
    meats, and the halls ring with dulcet tones of harps and the rapturous cries of orgies.
        The demon prince Balazar signifies gluttony and depravity. But he is also a collector
    of knowledge and all things, from artifacts to treasures, or spells and incantations. He
    rules from his high court in the city Ashurr. From this gilded throne, Balazar accumulates
    all manner of luxury, wealth, and pleasures. Many come from far and wide to suckle on
    the bounties of food, wine, art, exotics, and carnal riches that can be found within his
    flourishing kingdom. So plentiful are all forms of pleasures and comforts in Balazar’s
    kingdom that it is said those who wander there are more likely to die from a burst belly
    than to starve, more likely to find their pockets full of gold than silver, and more likely to
    share a bed with two lovers than none.
        Balazar’s gates are open to all seekers of the Enlightened Suffering, offering to those
    true of heart a bounty of the flesh and spirit, excessive pleasures, esoteric knowledge, and
    riches beyond imagination. Yet all those gifts pale in comparison to the most delicious
    sensations of suffering. Inside his inner court, Balazar’s chosen, the exalted, are served by
    flayed slaves, indulging in every sadistic desire and sweet masochism that crosses their
    mind.
        Lustful orgies, sickening displays of bloodshed and mutilation, depraved acts of
    sexual gratification, murder, and torture. The enlightened delight both in the viewing of
    such acts, and in the fulfilment of such acts upon themselves. To those who do not
    understand the path of suffering, the sights within are a hellish contradiction of beauty
    and depravity. To those who truly understand, these are all are one and the same, two
    facets of the same coin, a both a divine heaven and hell on earth.




6
7
        Bouffon
    Hunchback Jester




8
                                            Bouffon
                                        Hunchback Jester
Bouffon, the hunchback jester of Balazar’s court, is a pathetic
creature. He was born malformed, both in body and mind, and
is made to dance and juggle, sing, and act, for the perverse
pleasure of the demon lord and his court. Bouffon performs
clumsily, tripping over himself and reciting dramas in his nearly
unintelligible grunts. He smiles to himself, taking pride in the
raucous laughter he draws from his crowd, unable to tell that
they laugh at him and not with him. They mock him and his
farcical caricatures, taking joy in his unwitting self-debasement,
often beating him, or tormenting him to satisfy their own vile
pleasure.




                                                                     9
     Flayed Slave




                 Many seek to experience the deepest pleasures and pains of
           the flesh. They travel far and wide in search of Balazar’s court
           in the lands of Akhamia, seeking the unholy enlightenment that
           Balazar offers. In his beneficence, the lord of gluttony takes in
           all those who beseech him in his stately court, even though they
           are unworthy of his gifts.
                Seekers of Enlightenment. The flayed are those who seek
           the enlightened torments of Balazar’s court but can offer no
           value or skill in return. Their skin is carefully peeled from
           their bodies, their muscles delicately lathered with ointments
           to preserve their exposed muscle fibers and nerves. They walk
           the palace grounds in a state of constant torment, attending
           to the master’s every need, carrying splendid platters of food,
           wine, and treasures. Their very existence is suffering, a sweet
           surrender to the enlightened torments of the body Yet they are
           grateful for this gift of divine suffering, for the opportunity to
           experience the master’s realms of enlightened existence.




10
Flayed Slaves




                11
     Cabal Mage




12
                                               Cabal Mage




Among those who come to Balazar’s court are the members of
the Cabal, a secretive sect of sorcerers who seek enlightenment
of the mind above all else and understanding of the threads
of construction that create both the physical world and the
intangible space of the mind, the constituents of the human
experience itself.
    Cabal Mages peddle their services to Balazar’s court,
casting preservative magics upon the bodies of those seeking
the Enlightened Suffering, so that they can experience
greater pleasures and pains than they may otherwise be able
to. In exchange, these mages are gifted access to forbidden
knowledge and ancient wisdom. They delve into these texts to
achieve greater aptitude in their arcane arts.




                                                                  13
     Exalted Archer




                                     The Exalted are servants of Balazar,
                                     composing the bulk of his army and
                                     acting as agents at his service. They
                                    are drawn from those who make the
                                    pilgrimage to Balazar’s court seeking his
                                   enlightened gifts and are strong enough
                                   to offer valuable services in return. They
                                  are all capable fighters, warriors, and
                                  assassins and are gifted in exchange for
                                 their servitude the path to the delightful
                                raptures of torment. All are sadistic and cruel,
                               reveling in the physical mutilation of their
                              enemies and driven to ecstatic pleasures by
                             their moans and tormented screams. But they
                            enjoy equally, if not more, the experience of their
                          own suffering. To walk the path of exaltation is to
                       seek enlightenment, to understand every sensation
                     the body can offer, every emotion that the mind can
                   devise, and every ecstasy and agony of the soul. It is a
                perverse worship of the self, a twisted exploration of the
            human consciousness and condition of existence.
                Exalted Archers. The archers of Balazar’s armies are lithe
            and deadly; agile huntresses that dance about the battlefield and
            strike swiftly like birds of prey. They prefer to stay close to the
            melee to watch their foes die, relying on their natural dexterity
            to dance around enemy blades. Their arrows are cruel and
            sharp with barbed heads and shafts, poisoned by neurotoxins
            that increase physical stimulations to elevate the sensations of
            both pleasure and pain. They do not aim to kill but to lacerate
            and shred, exposing flesh and nerves so that their enemies
            might suffer excruciatingly over many hours before finally
            succumbing to their blood loss and divine torments.




14
Exalted Archers




                  15
     Exalted Spear


            The spears of Balazar’s armies are, like their archer
            counterparts, on the path of enlightened suffering. They
            are acrobatic soldiers, nimble and quick to exploit any hole
            in the enemy’s defense. With spears poisoned by the same
            neurotoxins as their archer counterparts, these warrior women
            deliver precise strikes against their targets, subjecting them to
            extended pain and suffering with each cut. They aim to pierce
            their enemies’ nerves, tendons, and non-vital organs, taking
            every opportunity to see them squirm in agonizing pain before
            finally bleeding out and embracing the relief from suffering that
            death brings.




16
Exalted Spears




                 17
     Gladiator Sentinel




18
                                      Gladiator Sentinel




The gladiator known as the Sentinel
is a methodical fighter. A well
trained Akhamian soldier of war, he
approaches every combat slowly and
patiently, remaining safe behind his
bronze shield while waiting to find the
perfect opening in the enemy’s defenses. Once
a crack in the defense appears, he strikes swiftly,
laying a devastating blow with his enormous cleaver.
    Court Gladiators. The gladiators of Balazar’s court battle
to the death for the entertainment of malevolent nobles that
watch on in glee as their blood spills and bodies drop dead to
the floor. Combat is brutal and deadly, but each gladiator is fed
well and provided with every luxury and desire. Food, women,
men, or anything else their heart desires, all is given to them
in plenty. Each time they enter the arena, these fighters treat it
as if it will be their last, for one miscalculated move may very
well lead to their end.




                                                                     19
     Gladiator Ravager




              The gladiator fighting in Balazar’s Court, known as the
              Ravager, is a talented arena fighter, like his counterpart, the
              Sentinel. Each has survived scores of fights, exiting the arena
              after slaying their foe. But while the Sentinel is calm and
              methodical, the Ravager is known for his rabid ferocity, giving
              himself to bloodlust and going for the kill regardless of any
              danger posed to himself.




20
Gladiator Ravager




                    21
     Voice of Lords


            The Voice of Lords is one of the many demons bound to
            Balazar’s service through ancient pacts of power. It acts as
            the herald of Balazar’s court, announcing each session to the
            courtesans that come before its master and acting as interpreter
            for those that travel far and wide to come before him. The
            Voice is gifted with knowledge of all language and sciences,
             able to comprehends all tongues in existence, have existed in
              the past, or will exist in the future.




22
Voice of Lords




                 23
     Cabal Assassin




24
                                           Cabal Assassin

The assassins employed by the cabal are demonic fiends
brought forth from the nether realms and paid in souls to
accomplish selective tasks that require subtlety. They are lithe
and deadly hunters, stalking through shadows and employing
arsenals of poisons and illusion magics to accomplish anything
from theft to seduction to murder. They have strange bodies,
resembling human but marred by deformities, yet through their
magics, are able to appear human to the casual glance, nearly
indistinguishable from the general population. They stalk their
marks, using stealth and guile to gain entrance to any location,
and once the opportunity presents itself, in dark alleys of the
bazar or private rooms of the lush pleasure houses, they strike
quickly before seemingly disappearing into thin air.




                                                                   25
     General Atraxes




26
                                         General Atraxes


Atraxes leads Balazar’s armies of exalted into combat. She is
a cunning commander and skilled warrior, wielding a greataxe
that drips with a mixture of toxins extracted from the many
poisonous and venomous insects and creatures that inhabit the
sandy dunes of the Akhamian deserts. Atraxes is the source of
much trouble for the Holy Empire, as she leads assault parties
to strike out at Penitent Crusader outposts and constantly
destabilize the Holy Empire’s grasp on Akhamia. She works
ruthlessly to liberate the jewel city of Ir Khalem, which the
crusade currently occupies as they believe it is the birthplace of
their God Emperor. However, to Akhamians, this grand city is
a cultural mecca and was once an important ancestral capital.
It is also one of the few places in the arid desert with access to
bountiful water and resources, making it an important social
and political stronghold.




                                                                     27
     Keeper of Keys

            The Keeper of Keys is a demonic juggernaut, impervious to
            all forms of physical damage and able to decapitate a man with
            a single flick of its bladed arms. With its one demonic eye, this
            creature can see all true physical realities, discerning all hidden
            things of the physical sphere.
              Keeper Pair. The two Keepers are a strange pair, two
              demonic beings hailing from the nether realms. The larger
                 and more imposing is titled the Keeper of Keys, and
                   from the various leather straps and bands that circle its
                     body hang multitudes of strangely shaped keys of all
                      shapes and sizes. Each key holds a tremendous secret,
                       opening a gateway to a realm of knowledge, wisdom,
                        or experience that would break the mind of any
                        ordinary mortal. No one save the Keeper of Secrets
                        may access these keys, for the Keeper of Keys exists
                        solely to safeguard them.




28
Keeper of Keys




                 29
     Keeper of Secrets




30
                                          Keeper of Secrets


The Keeper of Secrets can see through all manner of magical
effects and illusions, viewing the true reality as is. It cannot be
tricked nor lied to, as it sees through all truths and lies.
    Gateway to Enlightenment. The tandem pair of Keepers
are never far apart from one another, each playing a vital role
on the path of enlightened suffering and both remaining in
service to Balazar. To the worthiest of humans; those seekers
ready to transcend their mortal shells, Balazar grants an
audience with the Keeper of Secrets. This strange demonic
being turns to the individual with sightless eyes, reading their
very soul and choosing a key from the Keeper of Keys.
    Each key fits into the same keyhole in a mysterious orb
that floats in Balazar’s court, a golden globe transcribed with
ancient languages not of this world. Each key opens a gateway
to a different reality, a different realm of existential suffering
and pleasure, a different plane of enlightenment. For each
worthy seeker, the Keeper of Secrets chooses the key to the
reality most fundamental to that person’s existential journey,
the final step on the path to their own form of enlightenment.
Those who enter their reality through the golden orb invariably
come back changed, always something more and always
something less than the being they once were.




                                                                      31
         Lamashtu
     Scion of Suffering


              Lamashtu is a demon of nightmarish ferocity. It descends
              upon the battlefield, slaughtering all those that oppose
              the advances of General Atraxes and her troops. Yet the
              bloodshed of battle is not enough to sate the hunger of this
              fiendish entity. When it has not whet its blades in the blood
              of an enemy for a day or longer, it grows restless, turning on
              anyone around for sport. In these times, Lamashtu must be
              given a wide berth, for it begins to stalk even its own kind
              with a feline psychopathy. The demon enjoys the massacre
              of innocents, especially enjoying the murder of the young or
              pure of heart, but their blood tastes sweetest to it.




32
    Lamashtu
Scion of Suffering




                     33
        Balazar
     Lord of Excess
              Balazar, the Lord of Excess, is the demon prince of gluttony
            and depravity. He rules from his high court in the city Ashurr,
            located in the central area of the arid country Akhamia. Yet
            his is a realm of opulence and fertility. The city is ancient, a
            millennium old, full of history and ancient culture. It sits on the
            banks of the Tiridus river, one of the few heart rivers that flows
            through the otherwise sand swept landscape.
                 From this gilded throne, Balazar accumulates all manner
            of luxury, wealth, and pleasures, and many come from far and
            wide to suckle on the bounties of food, wine, art, exotics, and
            carnal riches that can be found in endless troves within his
            flourishing kingdom. So plentiful are all forms of pleasures and
            comforts in Balazar’s realm that it is said those who wander
            there are more likely to die from a burst belly than starve, more
            likely to find their pockets full of gold than silver, and more
            likely to share a bed with two lovers than none.
                 Master of Guile. Balazar is a demon gifted with many traits,
            highly intelligent, and knowledgeable in all things of history,
            culture, religion, science, and the human condition. Yet most of
            all, he is gifted with the powers of guile, able to create illusions
            and obfuscations, which he employs to his own amusement
            and for his safety. Though Balazar appears at all times to sit
            on his gilded throne, feasting on fruits and human brains while
            laughing and participating in court, he is not truly there. This
            body is just a projection, a mirage that he controls, while his
            true body lies far below, hidden away in the deepest levels of
            his ziggurat outside the palace walls.
                 The Enlightened Suffering. Yet to those seekers of a deeper
            truth, an even greater blessing can be found in Balazar’s court,
            the gift of exaltation. For a portion of the population, indulging
            worldly things is not enough to sate them. No matter how much
            they consume, they feel as if something is missing. Decadent
            feasts, luxurious orgies, and endless nights of bacchanal parties,
            nothing is enough. They begin to realize that deep inside them
            is a bottomless desire, a creeping blackness in the heart, a
            gaping void that stretches larger by the day.
                 These people begin to realize a truth deep within
            themselves, beginning to understand the lies of worldly
            pleasures and turning toward the truer experience of suffering.
            They learn to indulge in the most extreme of human emotions,
            those of anguish and torment of both the body and mind.
            They become seekers, and begin to unravel the mysteries of
            the human existence that others are too naive or too scared
            to realize. When the time is right, they make a pilgrimage to
            Balazar’s court, beseeching him for the gift of exaltation to
            elevate them to a perpetual suffering. And for those who truly
            prove their worth, Balazar freely grants these gifts, which he
            calls the enlightened suffering.




34
   Balazar
Lord of Excess




                 35
     Environment




36
Environment




              37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
