                           ADVENTURE SUMMARY:
                            ECHOES OF WAR



     The heart of the Old Empire is dead, destroyed ages ago in a cataclysmic detonation of
magical energies. Now, it is a desolate waste, scattered with ruins and covered in ash, drowned in
arcane dust storms, and overrun by the Eternal Legions, an army that once conquered the world
in the name of the Emperor. Risen now as skeletal warriors, these elite soldiers have been
mutated by the constant barrage of magical radiation that bombards the region, their bones
growing into chitinous, carapace-like armor, and becoming an even greater force in death than in
life.
   Now, the Emperor’s own army threatens to spill out into the greater Doaden, to lay conquest
once more to the world of the living. Their endless ranks surge against the walls of the Black
Fortress, the last bastion of man that holds them back. But here there can be no victory. It is only
a matter of time before the legions shatter the last line of defense and bring the end of the world.
   Scenario 1: The warbands travels for days until they arrive at the remains of the ruined
Cathedral of Bones. They investigate the shadowed hallways, following the trail of dead
Crusaders that leads them into the catacombs. Descending into the catacombs, the warbands
must fight through bleak galleries and chambers guarded by legions of skeletal warriors and
undying priestesses, all while witnessing the horrific end that the lost Crusaders faced at the
hands of the restless undead.
    Scenario 2: The warband are confronted with one final challenge the true power of the
Eternal Legions.




                                                 2
                                FORBIDDEN PSALM:

     THE TAINTED LANDS OF DOADEN

INTRO PAGE
     Welcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted lands and twisted monsters, where
an ever-creeping affliction corrodes the very essence of existence. It is a world of decay and
depravity where once- righteous men and heroes of glorious purpose now struggle to survive as
cults and dark gods vie with one another to consume the last vestiges of humanity.
In Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted lands of Doaden you will find:
• Three scenarios created for the fantastic monsters from Bestiarum Miniatures;
• Rules for monsters.
These scenarios should be played in order.
You will need a copy of the Forbidden Psalm Core Book to play.
These scenarios should be played in solo or coop only.



THE ASHEN WASTES

    The Ashen Wastes were once a fertile land, the beating heart of the Old Empire, mankind’s
greatest civilization. Now nothing remains but a sterile desert of shifting dunes and the
crumbling ruins of the past. The entire region, the size of a large continent, was destroyed by the
cataclysmic detonation of a magical weapon.
    The harsh landscape is buffeted by magical dust storms roiling with chaotic energy. Those
caught within suffer nauseating sickness, blistering skin, or death. The few communities that
make their home around the outskirts of the area are cursed. If they are not sterile, their offspring
are born withered and prone to a wide range of maladies. Most are misshapen in form, sprouting
grotesque mutations such as third arms or eyes, or dozens of rows of teeth. The mortality rates
among these people are high, many born with congenital heart and organ defects, and they are
shunned by the rest of the world.
    Travel here is dangerous, and few expeditions have managed to penetrate more than a few
dozen miles into the land before being rebuffed. Yet the promise of lost relics and knowledge
from the past draws the Church of Azerai ever on, in a constant bid to penetrate the outer shell
and into the inner regions, to reach the great cities of old.




                                                  3
The Weapon

    The weapon of devastation was developed in secret by the Church of Azerai under the
watchful gaze of the Emperor. It was said to harness the very power of the sun itself, and the
Emperor used it to dictate peace among the his many subjugated kingdoms, threatening absolute
obliteration should any vassal stepped out of line. For many generations, the threat worked,
ushering in a time of unmatched progress, for none could rebel in the light of such raw,
devastating power. Yet one day, the weapon was unleashed where it was housed, in the heart of
the Empire itself.
    Today, all of life in Doaden still reels from the devastation, suffering under a persistent
corruption and spreading deterioration that leaches into the soil and the air, slowly consuming
the world. The annals of history are unclear about the cause of the detonation, and many
kingdoms point the blame at one another.

The Eternal Legions

    The Eternal Legions were the Emperor’s chosen, their ranks drawn from those born in the
Valley of the Sun, the birthplace of the Emperor himself, a harsh and unforgiving land that
brewed warriors of unrivaled strength and mental will. These warriors were born into the forges
of combat. Taught never to retreat nor surrender, to kill or be killed, to fight through pain and
fatal wounds that would leave any other man debilitated. Taught that fear is the only weakness.
Taught that fear is death, for fear eats the mind and dulls the senses.
     With the unstoppable legions behind him, the Emperor brought conquest to the world of
Doaden, felling one great nation after another and growing the greatest civilization the world has
ever known. But war never changes, and a nation built on blood is doomed to die in the same
way it was birthed, in brutality and suffering.
     Today, the remnants of the Empire live on, confined to the lands that were once known as
the Western Reaches, now renamed the Holy Western Empire. The progeny of the Empire is
under constant threat of annihilation by those very soldiers that established their nation, risen
now by strange magics, their bones mutated by the energies of the Ashen Wastes, to form
carapace-like armor that is stronger than steel. These skeletal warriors slaughter all in their wake,
taking their bones and sifting through the dusty wastes with great harvesters to collect the buried
bones of the fallen to swell their ranks.

Rustwind Pass

    This adventure takes place in a small region of the Ashen Wastes that abuts the Black
Fortress, called Rustwind Pass, a once a lush valley fed by multiple hearty rivers. However,
following the Calamity, the rivers have evaporated along with all signs of life. Now, the very
earth is ruined, becoming a coarse and rust-like sand. The region gets its name from the frequent
storms which billow through the area, gathering the sand which tears through the air like millions
of articles of sandpaper, easily corroding any exposed metal armor and weapons.

                                                  4
THE BLACK FORTRESS

    To stem the threat of the Eternal Legions, the Penitent Crusade mans the Black Fortress, a
large bastion with sprawling walls, and heavily defended towers and outposts. This fortress spans
the length of the border between the Western Reaches and the Ashen Wastes, keeping the evils
of the Wastes out. Yet the Eternal Legions grow ever stronger, their numbers swelling by the
day, and the immortal warriors rising again and again. It is clear to the generals that it will be
only a matter of time before the Crusade is defeated, and when the day comes, there will be
nothing left to stop the apocalypse.
     To prevent the spread of fear about the inevitability of the end, the operations of the Black
Fortress, and any information of what lies beyond, is kept highly confidential. The general
population has no idea about what lies beyond the Black Fortress, other than a desolate
wasteland and the remnants of the Old Empire.

THE CATHEDRAL OF BONES

     The main part of this adventure takes place in a long-lost cathedral, an old place of
adoration, a center for the devout and faithful to commune in their prayers for the old Emperor.
Beneath the surface, are hidden catacombs, extensive galleries, and chambers where the bones of
old priestesses, bishops, heroes, and other figures of importance to the Old Empire were buried.
     Among the heroes interred here was the feared general that stood at the forefront of the
Emperor’s armies, General Kourrakas. The Legion has attacked the location to revive him and
add this once-great leader into their ranks. The warband has arrived too late, as he now has left
the cathedral and walks among the army of the dead. However, many of the Legion’s soldiers
and priestesses still lurk within the depths of the Cathedral, continuing their endless work as they
gather the remaining bones in the location to add them to their stockpiles.




                                                 5
                                      SCENARIO 1:
            THE CATHEDRAL OF BONES
    The warbands have been traveling through the Ashen Wastes for several days, a desolate
landscape of sifting red-orange dust and strange rocky formations. Their skin is dried and
cracked, and their clothes covered in coarse dust that chafes and scrapes at hem. their throats are
dry and their voices hoarse, each member’s body urges them to drink, but they must ration the
water, as nothing but desolation lies beyond the walls of the Black Fortress.
    On the horizon, a gathering dust storm blots out the sky, crackling with blue-green arcs of
energy. It has been a source of dread for the warband, seeing it approach every closer, but the
warband finds themselves in luck as they come upon the remains of the lost cathedral. The dark
ruin stands before them, a massive pinnacle rising from the earth. Its soaring cracked pillars,
somehow still supporting the ancient place, are surrounded by the remains of old bell towers. Its
walls are marred by hollow gaps where once stained-glass windows would have been. A dry
wind penetrates the dark interior, echoing as it passes through like a whispered song of a spectral
choir. At the very front of the cathedral, massive oaken doors open inward to a long bleak
hallway.
   Heading into the cathedral the warbands soon find amongst the decay dusty tracks that lead
them into the bowls of the old place of worship.
    As the warbands descend a stairway, the stonework becomes more cracked and sedimentary,
slowly turning into intricately carved marble, stuffed with bones and heavy layers of dust.
Heading deeper still the warbands reach the Catacombs and after some time and nearly getting
lost in the winding tunnels they finally reach the forgotten depths of this place.
    The warbands enter the Immortal tomb and see the bodies of Penitent Crusaders littering the
ground. Their bodies are crushed into various pieces, their, the bones ripped from their bodies.
The warbands make quick work of recovering the Penitent Crusaders badges, but as they reach
the last corpse suddenly, the walls begin to shake as if hit by an earthquake. Ash and dust fall
from the ceiling above, as the warbands notice the huge piles of bones beginning to move. With
a sudden burst, dozens of skeletal hands reach out of the pile, as ashen skeletons claw their way
out, rushing at them with weapons in hand.


GOAL
Survive!


REWARD
You did not die!


                                                 6
SETUP AND TREASURE
Setup the board as shown in map 1. The table should be 20 inches by 16 inches. In the center of
the table at A1 place all warband members.
A2 are bone piles at which hostiles will spawn.
A3 are the 9 bodies of the Penitent Crusade, they can be searched as per treasure rules.
A4 is the entrance to the old hero’s tomb. A model within 1 inch of this can make a treasure roll.
On a success they find a random treasure. On a critical success they gain the lost sword of
Kourrakas. [1D8][Always deals at least 4 damage][Agility].


DEPLOYMENT
All the warband models that are participating in this scenario should be placed within 2 inches of
A1.


THREATS
At the start of each round spawn the following in a random bone pile.
Round 1. Spawn 3x Immortals.
Round 2. Spawn 1x Immortal Lieutenant.
Round 4. Spawn 1x Immortal Flagbearer, and 1x Immortal.
Round 6. Spawn 1x Harvester.
Round 8. Spawn 1x Ossificator.


SOLO PLAY
As above but in round 1 only spawn 1 Immortal and round 4 spawn only the Flagbearer.


The Scenario ends at the end of round 9.


RPG TEXT BOX
When the party survives the ambush read:
    As you look around for anything to make the lift ascend, you see the hundreds of skeletal
soldiers tumbling on top of each other, rushing toward you. The carvings around the lift begin to
glow with a whitish-yellow light. As the undead shamble forth towards you, reach the lift, it
suddenly springs into motion and rapidly ascends. The skeletons fall away from the platform
shattering themselves into countless pieces as you ascend back to the surface.

                                                  7
Map 1




8
                                       SCENARIO 2:
                         THE OLD VILLAGE

    Having escaped the catacombs and tombs with the identification badges in hand the
warbands are ready to leave this cursed place. As they walk out of the lift, the whole structure
trembles as the earth continues shakes, even worse now. Debris fall from the ceiling all around
them. Suddenly, a massive construct of stone and bones lunges through the cathedral doorway,
shattering pillars and walls with its hulking body.


GOAL
Kill the Siege Breaker as it will not let you escape.


REWARD
10xp for warband that slays the Siege Breaker.


SETUP AND TREASURE
Setup the map as shown in map 2. The table should be 16 inches by 11 inches.
A2 represent bodies that can be looted as per treasure rules.


DEPLOYMENT
All warband members should be placed within 3 inches of A1.


THREATS
Place the Siege Breaker in A3.
Around the nave are 6 large pillars as shown in map2 that support the ceiling. Whenever the
Siege Breaker attacks and misses it instead hits a pillar, and it begins to crack. All models within
1 inch of a pillar must then make an Agility test or take 1D6 damage.


SOLO PLAY
See above.
The Scenario ends when the Siege Breaker is dead.


                                                  9
RPG TEXT BOX
When the party kills the Siege Breaker read:
    As you leave through the collapsed gates of the dark cathedral, you take one final look back
at the raging dust storm that’s coming to you, closer now than ever.
    In the ashen dust storm, you see hundreds of thousands of skeletal legionaries, pale riders on
bony steeds, flying creatures, hulking statuesque monstrosities – the epitome of perfect weapons
of war –, and standing tall among the army of the dead, is the menacing figure of a huge, many-
limbed skeleton, wearing a faded cape attached to an intricately carved armor, bearing massive
swords in his multiple arms, watching you with a hollow stare that penetrates deep within your
soul.
    You run, leaving the place behind, as large amounts of skeletons pour out of the Cathedral,
yet just like the army behind them, they all just stand there, watching as you fade in the distance.




                                                 10
Map 2




 11
                                   EPILOGUE

    As the party leaves the Cathedral, they take one final look back, only to bear witness to a
horrific sight that will soon be marching towards all living beings.
    This adventure is the first of two parts. In the next instalment, the adventure continues the
harrowing journey through the Ashen Wastes. The warband is caught by the dust storm as
they’re on their back to the Black Fortress. None can survive in such conditions for long, being
exposed to extreme levels of magical energies that corrode and sicken the body. Luckily, they
stumble upon a Penitent Crusade Outpost where they take shelter. Yet, the Eternal Legion army
is hot on their heels, and will arrive at the outpost in two days, giving the party few precious
moments to recover from their wounds and prepare the outpost for the imminent assault.




                                     MONSTERS
    All monsters in Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted Lands of Doaden treat other monsters as
friendly.




IMMORTAL


HP: 8
MORALE: -
SPEAR 1D6
ARMOR:1
SPECIAL: Shield Wall. If this creature is standing within 1inch of another Immortal, its Armor
is increased by +1. This effect stacks up to two times.




                                                12
IMMORTAL FLAGBEARER
HP: 9
MORALE: -
SWORD 1D6
ARMOR: 1
SPECIAL: All Immortals within 6 inches of this creature gain +3 to their attacks, reducing their
DR to 9.




IMMORTAL LIEUTENANT

HP: 10
MORALE: -
SWORD 1D6
ARMOR 2
SPECIAL: Special: Shield Wall. If this creature is standing within 1inch of another Immortal,
its Armor is increased by +1. This effect stacks up to two times.
All Immortals within 6 inches of the Lieutenant auto move 9 inches instead of rolling movement.




HARVESTER


HP: 18
MORALE: -
SYCTHE:1D8
ARMOR:2
SPECIAL: Whenever a model is hit by the Harvesters Scythe, they must make a toughness test.
On a failure their toughness drops by 1 permanently.

                                               13
OSSIFICATOR
HP: 20
MORALE: -
CLAW 1D8
ARMOR:2
SPECIAL: At the end of each round roll a D4 on a result of a 3+ bone shards shoot from the
Ossificator and hit all models dealing 1 damage that cannot be negated by Armor.




SIEGE BREAKER


HP: 35
MORALE: -
TUSK 1D8+1
ARMOR:8
SPECIAL: Whenever the Siege Breaker is hit a model can choose to instead of dealing damage
reduce its Armor by 1. Critical hits reduce its Armor by 2.
When the Siege breakers armor is reduced by 1 it jumps in a random direction 6 inches [if the
room is too small it jumps as far as it is able to.] All models in the way must make an Agility test
or take 1D6 damage.




                                                 14
15
16
17
18
19
20
