1
    FACTION LORE




2
   THE WORLD OF DOADEN

W      elcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted
                        lands and twisted
       monsters, where an ever-creeping affliction corrodes
               the very essence of existence.

It is a world of decay and depravity where once-righteous
men and heroes of glorious purpose now struggle to survive
as cults and dark gods vie with one another to consume the
                 last vestiges of humanity.

It is a world of death, trapped in the fading dusk of a fallen
                            empire.
The heroes that wander these lands are no grand adventurers
             to be honored in songs of minstrels.
For the heavy deeds and decisions these wanderers undertake
invariably leave them disheartened, broken, nothing more
than soulless husks and shadows of their once-glorious
                            selves.

Yet as dark as Doaden may be, humanity clings to life with a
                     stubborn tenacity,
          a last flickering flame within the dark.
A last hurrah, a final war cry that shall echo in the black
                      abyss of eternity,
       a momentary victory before the endless night.




                                                                 3
                    FACTION LORE
                   ETERNAL LEGIONS




    T
            he Eternal Legions were the Emperor’s chosen, their
            ranks drawn from those born in the Valley of the Sun,
            the birthplace of the Emperor himself, a harsh and
            unforgiving land that brewed warriors of unrivaled
    strength and mental will.
     These warriors were born into the forges of combat. Taught
    never to retreat nor surrender, to kill or be killed, to fight through
    pain and fatal wounds that would leave any other man debilitated.
     Taught that fear is the only weakness. Taught that fear is
    death, for fear eats the mind and dulls the senses. Now, these
    once unstoppable warriors have been risen by the chaotic and
    volatile magics of the Ashen Wastes, their bones mutated to form
    carapace-like armor that is stronger than steel.
      These skeletal warriors slaughter all in their wake, taking their
    bones and sifting through the dusty wastes with great harvesters
    to collect the buried bones of the fallen and swelling their ranks.




4
5
    SOLDIERS (CR 3)
     IMMORTALS




6
                               IMMORTALS


  The Immortals were feared warriors, formed from the regiments of the of strongest
fighters this world has ever known. Born in the harsh and unrelenting Valley of the Sun,
they were forged in the fires of combat since childhood. Taught never to retreat nor
surrender, to kill or be killed, to fight through pain and fatal wounds that would leave any
other man debilitated. Taught that fear is the only weakness. Taught that fear is death, for
fear eats the mind and dulls the senses.
       In their life, the Immortals conquered the world, acquiring their name due to the
 fact that they were nearly impossible to kill, forming brutal shield walls that were near
   impenetrable. It was common for battles to end without a single death in their ranks, even
    though their regiments charged straight into the front lines of combat. Now, their
     name has taken a different               meaning, as they have risen from the dust,
       an unstoppable and                       unkillable army that threatens the world
                 once again.




                                                                                                7
     IMMORTAL
    FLAGBEARER




8
 IMMORTAL
FLAGBEARER


     Immortals Flagbearers inspired the legions of
    Emperor in the heat of combat. Bearing the mark of
   the old Empire, these soldiers stood tall atop the piles of
bodies left by their fellow brothers in arms, as they shouted
words of encouragement that caused fear and despair in
  the hearts of the enemy. Now in death, these immortal
     legionnaires        still carry the banners of war, under
                               the sigil and name of another
                                conquering, and feared leader.
                                 Their Eternal Mother of the
                                  Ashen Wastes.




                                                                 9
      ELITES (CR 5)
      IMMORTAL
     LIEUTENANT




10
                               IMMORTAL
                              LIEUTENANT



  Immortal Lieutenants were
renowned for their utter discipline
on the battlefield, both in their
usage of incredibly coordinated
large unit phalanx formations,
and because of their unbreakable
courage, and fearlessness, in the
face of overwhelming odds, even
to the point of death. And even so,
the afterlife seems to have only
strengthened their sheer power of
will and conquest induced abilities.




                                           11
     HARVESTERS




12
HARVESTERS


    Harvesters were once battle priestesses of the
   Church of Azerai. Striding into combat along
      with the Emperor’s army, they once called
      divine wrath and flame upon the enemy.
      Now, they are twisted, changed, and mutated,
     imbued by the powers of the Ashen Wastes
   and able to control and shift the energy. They
    channel this new power to manipulate bone,
    assisting the great Ossificators in shaping new
    soldiers, and using their great war-scythes to
   harvest the souls of their foes.




                                                      13
     SKELETON BALL




14
                        SKELETON BALLS


  Skeleton Balls are massive clusters of animated skeletons, held together by magic and
physical momentum. This hive-mind of corpses rolls about, the skeletons on top reaching
their bony hands out and altering the direction of the ball while those on the bottom are
crushed into dust. Any unfortunate creature that is too slow to escape such an odd hazard
is obliterated under the weight of the cackling phenomenon.




                                                                                            15
     COMMANDERS (CR 7)
       OSSIFICATORS




16
                          OSSIFICATORS



 Ossificators were once the witch-priestesses
of the Azerai, blessed with unfathomable powers
and commanding the widespread respect and
obedience of the people of the Empire. Like the
Harvesters, they have become changed by the
mutagenic energies of the Ashen Wastes. Risen as
monstrous beings, they barely resemble humans
anymore, their abdomens twisted and elongated
with many legs and chitinous bone plates. Yet their
powers have increased to match these mutations,
capable of melding and shaping bones and life
essence and using their abilities to continually
swell the ranks of their legions, under the undying
will of the Eternal Mother.




                                                      17
     BOSSES (CR 11/14)
     SIEGE BREAKER




18
                           SIEGE BREAKER

  Siege Breakers are monstrous constructs, formed through the melding of vast troves
of bones dug up by strange harvesting combines that trawl through the dust of the Ashen
Wastes. These giants are shaped and reshaped, forged by a dozen Ossificators and carefully
constructed to be nearly impervious to damage. When they arrive on the battlefield,
they obliterate foes with powerful blows, and smash through stone and steel structures
with ease, allowing the legions to spill in and overtake any defended position.




                                                                                             1919
20
21
22
23
24
25
