1
   Death descends this day. Cloaked in ash and drowned in arcane storms, its silhouette
dances upon the battlefield, slaughtering those in its wake. Death takes a monstrous form, a
skeletal fiend now driven to bestial wrath. It is Kourrakas the Unyielding, the God Emperor’s
own general from ages past. Risen from the grave by the seething energies of the Ashen
Wastes and directed by the will of the Eternal Mother, he strides into battle once again, a
macabre giant reforged in a body of chitinous bone and wielding an arsenal of blades in a
flailing multitudes of pale white limbs.

   You must stand with the Penitent Crusade as the corpses of the holy pile all around.
Defend the Twilit Obelisk in the Valley of Death. Hold out until the Cypher ritual is
completed. For it is humanity’s last hope. Will you survive the endless assault, or will you be
consumed by the pale tidal wave of death that stirs within the Ashen Wastes?

   The warband/s are running through the Ashen Wastes, having narrowly escaped the
Cathedral of Bones with a skeletal army of the Eternal Legions soldiers close behind. They
are retreating towards the Black Fortress, the stronghold of the Penitent Crusade. However,
they are caught in a severe dust storm and are forced to seek shelter. Luckily, they find a
Crusade outpost in a cliffside temple ruin, offering protection from the storm. But there is no
time for rest. The crusaders stationed there are on an urgent mission.

Chapter 1:

The warbands aid in the ritual of the obelisk, try to keep the archaeologists safe!



Chapter 2:

Avenge the fallen Crusaders



Chapter 3:

Complete the ritual




                                               2
                              FORBIDDEN PSALM:




INTRO PAGE
        Welcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted lands and twisted monsters,
where an ever-creeping affliction corrodes the very essence of existence. It is a world of
decay and depravity where once- righteous men and heroes of glorious purpose now struggle
to survive as cults and dark gods vie with one another to consume the last vestiges of
humanity.

       In Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted lands of Doaden you will find
• Three scenarios created for the fantastic monsters from Bestiarum miniatures.
• Rules for monsters

       These scenarios should be played in order.
       You will need a copy of the Forbidden Psalm Core Book to play.
       The North is a sparsely populated region historically inhabited by nomadic tribes. The
people are animistic, believing in nature spirits that are contrary to the beliefs of the Church
of Azerai. However, their warriors are fierce, and the region is too craggy and cold to grow
much crop or livestock.
      A military campaign of the magnitude needed to conquer the north would be costly,
arduous, and offer little return. For these reasons, the North maintains independence from the
Empire, the Church finding little benefit in extending its reach into such inhospitable lands.




        The Ashen Wastes are a surreal hellscape of endless nothingness. The land is warped,
corrupted by unbridled chaos energies. Geometric structures rise from the dust, cuboid and
pyramidal, formed by unknowable magics and geological phenomenon. Ever-shifting dunes
cover the crumbling ruins of ancient temple-cities and mega-cathedrals. The sky is distorted,
twisted, bizarre, as if drawn from another world. The laws of nature are bent and altered here,
in this place fit only for the dead.
        These lands were once the fertile heart of the Empire. But now, they are a sterile
desert marred by the skeletal remains of the past. A million souls perished here, incinerated
by the cataclysmic weapon known as the Demoncore. A blinding flash as the white flame of
heaven spilled from the sky. In an instant, nothing was left but death and ash. A thousand
years later, seething discharge remains trapped in the earth and the air, warping, and mutating
the land, and afflicting the skies with suffocating arcane dust storms. This is the epicenter of
devastation. The source of Doaden’s suffering. From these lands, corruption spills, the

                                               3
creeping malignance, the blighted earths and the darkened skies, the festering scar, the
unhealing wound of decay that eats away at those who are left behind.

        The Eternal Legions
        The Legions are a skeletal army that wanders the Ashen Wastes. Always marching,
always searching. They are risen and warped by the energies of the Wastes and driven by the
will of the mysterious being known as the Eternal Mother. The armies traverse the vast
expanse in endless retinues, accompanied by giant harvesting columbines that gouge the earth
with enormous teeth, dredging up the buried bones of those that perished here long, as they
churn up enormous columns of dust behind them. These vast troves of bones are recycled and
reformed into new warriors and bizarre constructs, ever swelling the ranks of the Legion.
        The Legions were once the God Emperor’s chosen.
        Hailing from the Valley of the Sun, the Emperor’s own birthplace, each was a warrior
was of unrivaled strength and mental will. They were forged in combat from their youth,
taught never to retreat nor surrender, to kill or be killed. They fight through pain that would
debilitate any other man. They are taught that fear is weakness, that fear is death. With an
iron fist, the Emperor deployed the Legions to conquer the world in an age of unrivaled
bloodshed and brutality. But from that devastation arose the Holy Empire, the jewel of
mankind, and a prosperous age of glory and technological advancement.
        Yet war never changes, and a nation birthed in blood is doomed to die in the way of
its creation. The Eternal Legions are an echo of the past. Risen once again, they come now to
consume the Empire. They are stronger than ever, their bones mutated to form carapace-like
armor and their ranks grow in an endless tide. They slaughter all in their wake, harvesting
their bones just as they do the troves buried in the dust, swelling their ranks day by day. On
day, all of Doaden shall fall to their conquest once again.

        Kourrakas the Unyielding
        General Kourrakas was the Emperor’s right hand, the brutal fist of his militant regime.
In ages past, he was the Lord of War, the unyielding conqueror, an undefeated vanquisher
reviled by many and feared by all. It is said that a hundred thousand fell to his sword alone,
and a million more to the spears of his troops. Risen once again, Kourrakas haunts the Ashen
Wastes, a macabre giant reforged in a body of chitinous bone and wielding an arsenal of
blades in his flailing multitudes of ivory white limbs.
        He is the Pale Death, a horror that every soldier in the Black Fortress dreads. They tell
stories of entire detachments of crusaders slaughtered in moments as the skeletal behemoth
steps from the swirling dusts, cutting into their ranks with his flailing limbs and sharpened
blades. No matter how many times they fight the dreaded general, nor how many times they
destroy his body, he rises again to hunt them once again.

        The Black Fortress
        To stem the threat of the Eternal Legions, the Penitent Crusade mans the Black
Fortress, a large bastion of sprawling walls, heavily defended towers, and outposts. This
fortress spans the length of the border between the Western Reaches and the Ashen Wastes,


                                               4
keeping the evils of the Wastes at bay. Yet it is only a matter of time before the Black
Fortress falls and when the day comes, there will be nothing left to stop the apocalypse.

        Dust Storms & Arcane Flare-Ups
        Dust storms are a frequent threat in the Ashen Wastes. When one approaches,
travelers must quickly find shelter, but may still survive a good hour in the buffeting winds
and coarse sands, suffering minor cuts and bruises. However, dust storms carry the potential
of arcane flare-ups, triggering the vast reservoirs of lay energy that saturate the earth and air,
fallout from the Demoncore’s explosion. The energies are released in plasmatic spurts of
colorful lightning, but the very air buzzes with seething chaos, mutating, corrupting, and
destroying anything organic caught within. Any human or other life unlucky enough to be
caught within a flare up will suffers near immediate nauseating sickness and blistering skin,
burns, and if exposed for longer than a few moments, death.

        The Obelisk Valley
        This adventure takes place in the Ashen wastes, around a small area known as the
Valley of the Obelisk. Within the valley is the pyramidal structure the Penitent Crusade has
named the Twilit Obelisk. The Obelisk thrums with magical energies, and is somehow able to
interface with the Cypher, decoding it through a strange ritual process. The party will spend
the bulk of the scenario around the Obelisk, interacting with it and learning how to use its
magics to decrypt the Cypher tablet.




These scenarios should be played in solo or coop only.




                                                 5
6
                                     SCENARIO 1:




       Escaping from the skeleton-infested catacombs below the Cathedral of Bones, the
warband/s hurry back towards the Black Fortress, hoping to find shelter and rest. A creeping
dread sinks in as they realize the skeletal legions, they saw gathering in the distance are not
far behind.

        As They press on, a swirling dust storm descends upon the Wastes, engulfing them in
tempestuous winds. Sheets of sharpened pebbles and coarse sands buffet their bodies, cutting
their cheeks and arms. They search desperately for shelter, growing wearier by the hour, but
the barren wasteland offers no protection. As fatigue sets in and their muscles begins to give
out, hey hear a sweet sound. A billowing horn in the distance, coming from somewhere
upwards. They look toward the sky and see a small, signal fire cutting through the haze of the
dust storm, set high upon a cliffside.

         They scramble forth, making their way to the craggy mountain and ascending a half-
buried cobblestone ramp. The climb is arduous, but as they near the zenith, they make
clearance from the dust storm. They look back at the valley below. The storm’s billowing
clouds writhe angrily like a coiling serpent, but they notice an area of calm, a peaceful center
of the valley, from which a deep purple glow emanates. They climb the last section of the
cliffside, coming to the ruins of an ancient temple. A small bonfire burns at the center and
several men in armor mill about. One hails the warband/s with a wave of his hand. A long
trumpet rests on his shoulder and a folded spyglass hangs around his neck.
       Here the warbands meet LIEUTENANT RUSKEN


       LIEUTENANT RUSKEN
       The man hailing the party is Rusken, the leader of the Penitent Crusade outpost. He is
middle aged and terse. His skin is damaged from prolonged exposure to the Ashen Wastes. It
scabs and bleeds easily and is marred by patches of black and blisters. Rusken’s team has
been stationed here for some months. They have been conducting an excavation in the valley
below, unearthing a strange pyramidal structure they call the Twilit Obelisk because of the
deep purple glow that emanates from its spire. He asks the warbands to aid in decoding the
Cypher with the archaeologist team.

        The warband/s descend from the temple ruins, following the cobblestone road back
into the swirling dust storm, covering their eyes and faces to avoid the brunt of the stinging
sands. After a half hour, the air suddenly clears, and they find themselves in a tranquil valley.
At the center of the valley is a tall pyramidal obelisk of alien construction. It rises into the



                                               7
air, thrumming gently and emitting a distinct purple aura. Scattered about the valley are four
cuboid shapes, which occasionally arc faint streaks of energy into the obelisk.

         In front of the obelisk is the Cypher. The stone tablet levitates a few feet off the
ground, surrounded by a mesmerizing black shimmer. It is carved with strange symbols and
diagrams that shift and change as you look at them, the letters slowly solidify one by one. The
first line of the tablet has already been decoded, remaining definite and exact.
       A scholar stand about the tablet. The scholar looks at you warily as you approach.


Goal
Keep the scholar alive


Reward
If the scholar lives throughout the scenario each warband earns 10 xp.


Setup and Treasure
The board should be setup as shown in map 1. It is 32inches by 45 inches.
A1= warbands should be placed in area A1
A2 = place in the centre of the board terrain to represent the obelisk and a miniature to
represent the scholar
A3 = place 4 pillars equal distance from the obelisk as shown.
At the start of each round the roll a D6 and a result of a 3+ the cypher is decoded by 10%.


Deployment
All models should be deployed in A1 as above.


Threats
For each warband participating the following monsters spawn from a random Pillar {A3}.
When the Cypher reaches 10% spawn 2 Malformed Constructs per warband
When the Cypher reaches 20% spawn 1 Hellion per warband
When the Cypher reaches 30% spawn 2 Venator per warband
When the Cypher reaches 40% spawn 2 Cataphracts per warband
When the Cypher reaches 50% spawn 1 Amalgamation per warband

                                               8
Solo Play
As Above


The Scenario ends when the cypher reaches 60% decoded


RPG text box
When the cypher is decoded to 60% read
       Suddenly Rusken’s horn sounds from the clifftop. Three long, steady blows. The
scholar shouts to you, pointing towards the cliffside as he heads into the storm towards the
crusade soldiers.
       “Go! Rusken calls for aid! I will draw the soldiers back to hold the Obelisk until you
return!”




                                            Map 1



                                              9
10
                                      SCENARIO 2




        The warbands make it to the temple ruins panting and exhausted. Below, the storm
erupts in a series of screeching booms. Colorful arcs of light churn throughout the clouds,
screaming down to the earth and exploding in crystalline dust. Roiling arcane swells surge
throughout the storm. The very atmosphere thrums, pulsing with caustic powers and
unbridled energies.

       Catching their breath, they step into the safety of ruins, but there are no signs of
Rusken or the crusaders. Readying weapons, they hear a soft groan from above. Rusken and
his men are floating, held in place and suspended fifty feet in the air, in a circle around the
old temple complex. Their eyes are rolled into the back of their heads and their bodies shake
in uncontrollable spasms. A sudden voice pierces the warbands minds, deep and resonant, in
an ancient, unknowable tongue, some forbidden speech of enochian origin.
        The warbands grab their ears, holding their heads in futility as they are struck by a
sudden psychic emanation of horror and pain. They watch in shock as the eyes of the
crusaders liquify, dripping down their faces followed by the sludgy, viscous remains of their
melted brains. They drop from the air like sacks of dirt, their motionless bodies crumpling to
the ground as a strange, elongated skeleton cloaked in flowing robes descends from the air,
hovering as it levitates to the ground. It stretches out a boney hand as its sightless eyes come
to rest on the warbands.


Goal
Kill the Silent Emissary


Setup and Treasure
Set up the board as shown in map 2. The Board should be at least 40 inches by 40 inches. In
B3 = Where warbands are deployed
B2 = 2 bodies are placed here and can be looted as per treasure rules
B1 = Place the Silent Emissary here


Deployment
All warbands should be placed in B3.



                                               11
Threats
On round 2 and 4 spawn one Venator per warband participating in B2.


The Scenario ends when all hostiles are dead.




                                         Map 2


                                           12
13
                                      SCENARIO 3




        As the warbands return to the Obelisk in the valley, they are greeted by a horrific
scene. The four cuboid structures have been completely covered in bone growth. The crusade
soldiers have been mutilated, their arms, legs, and torsos sliced apart and thrown about in a
haphazard mess. The upper half of the man that was once the scholar pulls itself meekly
along the ground with his two shaking arms, his intestines dragging behind him. His face is
in a state of utter shock, his eyes wide with fear, not yet understanding that he has died.
Blood spurts from his mouth as he utters his final words and collapses into the dust.
       “Finish…the ritual.”


Goal
Kill KOURRAKAS and finish the ritual.


Reward
The Warband that deals the final blow to KOURRAKAS earns 10xp.


Setup and Treasure
The board should be setup as shown in map 1. It is 32inches by 45 inches.
A1= warbands should be placed in area A1
A2 = place in the centre of the board terrain to represent the obelisk and a miniature to
represent the scholar
A3 = place 4 pillars equal distance from the obelisk as shown.


Deployment
See above


Threats
On round 1 KOURRAKAS appears on a random board edge
Each time KOURRAKAS is dropped to 0HP read.



                                               14
       You land the final blow on Kourrakas. The skeletal monstrosity collapses into a pile of
bones, its enormous armor and weapons clattering to the dirt. The dread general’s skull rolls
sideways, its skeletal jawbone hanging agape as the lights dim from its hollow eye sockets.

       However, KOURRAKAS stands back up at the start of the next round with full HP
and read.

        The sound of crackling draws your attention. The heap of broken bones that was once
Kourrakas begins to clatter and shake, moving on its own accord, stitching itself together and
rising to its giant height. Bit by bit, the legs and torso, arms and hands come together,
melding and reforming into the dreaded general. The giant skeletal monstrosity picks up its
weapon, its skull rotating back into place and its eyes flaring with the soulless light of death
once again. It laughs at you, a dry, husky, disembodied rattling, as it prepares for combat.


        To kill him outright they must also complete the decoding. To do so a Miniature must
be within 1 inch of the obelisk and complete a Presence test. The Cypher starts this scenario
at 60% and each time this test is passed it increase by 10%. It can only be increased by 10%
in a single round.


At the start of each round if they cypher is at
60% spawn a Malformed Constructs per warband
70% spawn a Hellion per warband
80% spawn a Cataphracts per warband
90% spawn a Malformed Constructs per warband
From a random pillar.


The Scenario ends when the ritual hits 100%


When the ritual reaches 100% read
        The Twilit Obelisk emits a dull thrum as it begins to fade, its deep violet light
dispersing into the air. With a thud, the Cypher falls to the ground, the letters and diagrams
fully decoded, etched in an ancient language unknown to you. From the veil of the dust storm,
you hear a mechanical clattering as a large black machine carriage bursts forth from the
clouds, trailing smoke, and ash behind it. An enormous ballista atop the vehicle swivels to
aim directly at Kourrakas, unleashing a devastating barrage of thick steel-tipped bolts. The
dread general screams in frustration, raising his shield and backing up several paces to
block the bolts.



                                                  15
       The mechanized ballista unleashes a second wave of devastating javelin bolts as the
read carriage door slams open, dropping a ramp down in your direction. An armored
crusader waves you over, shouting at the top of his lungs.
       “What are you waiting for? Get the hell in!”




                                             16
        The battle is over for now. With the Cypher decrypted, the Durand should rush back
to the Black Fortress with any surviving party members that managed to board it. Kourrakas’
army has been stalled for now, but they will certainly move on the Crusade fortifications soon
enough




                                             17
All monsters in Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted Lands of Doaden treat other monsters as
friendly.


MALFORMED CONSTRUCT
HP: 18
Morale: -
Great sword 1D10
Armor:1
Special: regains 4hp each round at the start of its turn.


VENTOR
HP: 23
Morale: -
Heavy Crossbow 1D6/ Dagger 1D4
Armor:1
Special: Does not move towards models. If not within 1 inch uses crossbow to make a ranged
attack. If within 1 inch uses dagger. Ventor ignores all to hit modifications.


AMALGAMATION
HP: 30
Morale: -
Spear 1D6
Armor:1
Special: Ignores the first 4 point of damage dealt to it a round.


CATAPHRACT
HP: 23
Morale: -

                                                18
Lance 1D6
Armor: 2
Special: If Cataphract moves before attacking deals an extra 1D6 damage on a hit.


HELLION
HP: 18
Morale:12
Great Axe 1D10
Armor: 2
Special: All successful attacks cause bleeding.


SILENT EMISSARY
HP: 33
Morale:12
Staff 1D8
Armor: 2
Special: Psionic Cage After taking an action all models within 6 inches must make a
presence test. On a failure they lose their next activation. At the start of the next round any
model that failed its test takes 1D4 damage that ignores armor.
Mind Spike: If not within 1 inch of a model the nearest model must make a presence test, on
a failure they take 1D8 damage.


KOURRAKAS THE UNYIELDING
HP: 40
Morale: -
Greatsword 1D12+4
Armor: 2
Special: He is immune to all scrolls. He always moves 12 inches.




                                                19
20
21
22
23
