1
 Adventure Summary: Purgation

      Fire. Death. Screams. Agony. Suffering. This night is marked by the flames of purgation as the
Penitent Crusade descends upon the northern town of Briga. Villagers die. Heretics burn. One of the
mighty Iron Maidens of the Church of Azerai has gone rogue, leading a fanatical expedition into the
north, to slaughter and cleanse all non-believers. As a powerful member of the church, she has
conscripted weapons capable of terrible destruction – the massive metal Purifying Machines that unleash
flames, and the chained giant Surtr, tortured and mangled in the Church’s dungeon, and set alight with
ever-burning flames.
      But this attack is unsanctioned and threatens to ignite open war between Stürmenburg and the
Empire, a war the Church does not believe it can win at this time as its armies and resources are divided.
In shadowed halls and classified meetings, the internal political engine of the Church begins to turn
against this once-esteemed general. The warband/s has been hired to foil her foolish ambitions and stop
this massacre before it escalates any further.


       Scenario 1: The warbands arrives at Briga, a burning wreckage of a town. They must follow the
trail of carnage through the burning streets, fighting their way through the Penitent Crusade until they
reach the town square.


      Scenario 2: In the town square, the warbands confronts Surtr in a grueling battle. The giant is a
furious foe, exploding in flames and wielding two great swords. Once defeated, its husk drops to the
ground, a steaming pile of charred skin and bone.


      Scenario 3: Yet the fight is not yet over. Azerai Mages descend upon the warbands, re-igniting the
flaming giant and forcing the monster to rise again. The party must face one final confrontation with the
giant, this time enraged and supported by its allies.




                                                    2
                                   FORBIDDEN PSALM:

                T h e T a i nt e d L a nd s o f D o ad en

INTRO PAGE
     Welcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted lands and twisted monsters, where an ever-
creeping affliction corrodes the very essence of existence. It is a world of decay and depravity where
once- righteous men and heroes of glorious purpose now struggle to survive as cults and dark gods vie
with one another to consume the last vestiges of humanity.
In Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted lands of Doaden you will find:
• Three scenarios created for the fantastic monsters from Bestiarum Miniatures;
• Rules for monsters.
These scenarios should be played in order.
You will need a copy of the Forbidden Psalm Core Book to play.
These scenarios should be played in solo or coop only.


      The North is a sparsely populated region historically inhabited by nomadic tribes. The people are
animistic, believing in nature spirits that are contrary to the beliefs of the Church of Azerai. However,
their warriors are fierce, and the region is too craggy and cold to grow much crop or livestock.
      A military campaign of the magnitude needed to conquer the north would be costly, arduous, and
offer little return. For these reasons, the North maintains independence from the Empire, the Church
finding little benefit in extending its reach into such inhospitable lands.


     Political Tension
     The balance of peace between the Empire and the north is delicate. The imperial lords and the
Church of Azerai consider the northerners heretics. Yet, the northerners die daily to protect the south
against invasions from the true wild north, the domain of Thule, receiving little to nothing in return and
paying a toll both in blood and gold for their efforts. Many northern citizens grumble about this
arrangement, believing they would be better off without the Empire.
      The animosity between cultures occasionally results in skirmishes along the northern border, as
pockets of northern guerrilla rebels strike at imperial convoys, or imperial forces attempt to root out
those they believe are dissidents. However, these attacks are quickly extinguished by each party’s own
governance, in the interest of keeping the general peace. This routine dance of escalation and de-
escalation is a delicate balance that must be kept. For should either side commit fully to an open act of
aggression, all-out war is certain to follow, which is something neither the northern lord of Stürmenburg,
nor the Empire can afford in these dark times.


                                                     3
     THE CHURCH OF AZERAI
      The Church of Azerai holds tremendous power over the populace of the Holy Western Empire.
Placing their faith in the God Emperor, they hold he is the one true god, and that all must follow his
divine path to achieve the salvation of humanity. As the only legitimized religious institution of the
Empire, the Church’s role is as much political as it is religious, spreading their influence and shaping
doctrine and law around the God Emperor’s will. Those who stray from the path or voice doubt about
the faith are labeled heretics and sinners, and are brutally punished, subjected to years of indentured
servitude, or executed.


     Iron Maiden, Nefryna
      Among the highest ranks of the Church of Azerai are the Iron Maidens, warrior women and
battlefield commanders with the authority to command both the ranks of the Church and of the Crusade.
Nefryna is one such Iron Maiden, a zealot on a fanatical, self-imposed mission to rid the empire of all
heresy.
       Sparking the conflict of this adventure, Nefryna has used her rank and position to commandeer a
force of the Penitent Crusade soldiers and defenders of the Church of Azerai, taking her army on an
unsanctioned campaign against the North, and slaughtering town after town without reasonable
justification. Despite her freedom to act with independence, this was a step too far and the Church has
been forced to act to protect the delicate balance of peace.


     THE PENITENT CRUSADE
     The Crusade is a military organization within the Church of Azerai, used to combat the many
nightmarish terrors that threaten the realm.
     Their ranks are composed mainly of sinners, criminals, and brigands atoning for their past. Yet
among these once petty raiders, there are trained, hardened warriors, and true believes in the Emperor’s
Divine Path.


     BRIGA
      This scenario takes place in a small northern town called Briga, a hillside town with a population
of only a few hundred. Due to its size, the town has a limited trad, surviving mostly by hunting, but its
people are hard workers who live their daily lives proudly, despite their hardship. The people of Briga
stick closely to the old northern traditions and deities and have a clear hatred for the Church. Their
defiant behavior leaves the town in a delicate position, as it attracts the hateful attention of the Church’s
more devout servitors.




                                                      4
5
                                          SCENARIO 1:
                                          T h e W al l
      You rush through the gates of Briga, climbing the cobbled streets of the hillside town. Clouds of
thick black smoke billow upwards, blanketing the night sky. Screams echo from the burning houses all
around as the structures crumble in the licking flames. On the streets are piles of corpses, some burned
to a crisp, and others brutalized and mangled. Along the floor, large gashes of molten rock trail along the
street, heading further into town towards the town square.
       BRIGA STREETS
       In the streets of Briga, flames spread through the houses and shops. The rogue crusaders have left a
trail of death and tortured civilians on their wake. Burning houses and shops enclose the street. The floor
is covered in melted ice and water, turning into crimson with blood. The party must follow the trail of
destruction and reach the town square.


Goal
Fight your way through the city streets and reach the town square.


Reward
Each warband gain 10xp for making it to the town square.


Setup And Treasure
The board should be setup as shown in map A. It is 36inches by 12 inches.
The city street should be scattered with debris.
A1= warbands should be placed in area A1 and no more than 4 inches onto the board.
A2 = Place 3x Flagellants here for each participating warband.
A3 = Place on the stage 1x Azerai Mage.
A4 = This is the board exit warbands must make it to in 5 rounds. If they do not 3x Flagellants spawn
here.


Deployment
All models should be deployed in A1 as above.




                                                    6
Threats
As above.


Solo Play
As Above.


The Scenario ends when all living models make it to the town center in A4


RPG TEXT BOX
When the party arrive read:
      A robed figure stands atop a raised platform, preaching in a crazed voice: “The Fire will cleanse
the heretic's curse!”
             A man hangs before him, nailed to a burning wheel. He screams in pain as his skin blisters
and peels. He wails in agony, shaking and pulling against his restraints in a futile attempt to unbind
himself. Besides the platform is a pile of charred corpses. A hulking knight in charred armor throws
another body in the pile. The knight slams a fiery, black iron hammer on the ground, unleashing a nova
of flames.




                                                   7
Map A

  8
9
                                          SCENARIO 2:
                                              Surtr
      As you enter the town square, a giant rises from the smoke. Covered in fire, its skin burns and falls
to the ground, smoldering chunks of cinder and flesh. Its eyes melt, leaking white from their sockets. Its
mouth hangs agape in a wordless scream. As it shambles through the collapsing houses, it drags two
flaming swords behind it, leaving burning gouges in the ground. It turns to you, flailing the weapons in
the air in madden fury, and charges.
       BRIGA SQUARE
     The town square is destroyed. Houses have been reduced to ashes. The ground is littered with the
mangled, charred corpses of guards and citizens alike. The people fought here, defending the point until
the Surtr overwhelmed them.


Goal
Kill Surtr.


Reward
The Warband that deals the final blow to Surtur earns 10xp.


Setup and Treasure
Set up the board as shown in map B. The Board should be at least 36 inches by 36 inches. In:
A1 = Where warbands are deployed.
A2 = Place Surtur.
A3 = Place 3 corpses per warband that can be searched as per treasure rules.
A4 = Place 4 ballista’s that can be used by warbands. To operate a warband member must be within 1
inch of a ballista and make a Presence test. On a success they fire the Ballista. Ballista deal 1D12
damage that ignores Armor. To reload a ballista takes an action and a successful strength test.


Deployment
All warbands should be placed in A1.


Threats
Only Surtr is here.

                                                    10
Solo Play
Surtur starts with 10 less HP.


The Scenario ends when Surtur dies


Warbands do not heal lost HP after this scenario!




                                             Map B



                                               11
12
                                          SCENARIO 3:
                                       Fire & Ash
      The giant's corpse smolders on the ground before you. Suddenly, the air is filled with chanting, and
a robed man teleports to the tower in the middle of the square, calling down a pillar of flame upon the
giant. Its body erupts in a white-hot flame, and it stands up once again, engulfed in a raging inferno.


Goal
Kill Surtr.


Reward
The Warband that deals the final blow to Surtur earns 10xp.


Setup and Treasure
Set up the board as shown in map B. The Board should be at least 36 inches by 36 inches. In:
A1 = Deploy a Azerai Mage.
A2 = Place Surtur.
A3 = Place 3 corpses per warband that can be searched as per treasure rules. {if looted in scenario 2 they
are empty}
     A4 = Place 4 ballista’s that can be used by warbands. To operate a warband member must be
within 1 inch of a ballista and make a Presence test. On a success they fire the Ballista. Ballista deal
1D12 damage that ignores Armor. To reload a ballista takes an action and a successful strength test.


Deployment
All warbands should be placed where they left off in scenario 2.


Threats
See above.


Solo Play
Surtur starts with 10 less HP.
The Scenario ends when Surtur dies!

                                                     13
                                          E p i lo g u e
      Though Briga has been lost, Surtr has been put to rest and Nefryna’s army will now falter. Though
the peace is held, it comes at a terrible cost to life. Briga’s houses have crumbled to ashes, and most of
its people massacred. To end this scenario, read the following script.
     You stare at the giant’s motionless body, only now noticing the deafening stillness around you. No
screams can be heard. No clashing of metal, no sounds of battle nor suffering. Only the flickering sound
of embers as the timber houses fall into ruin. Ash and snow descend steadily from the darkened sky,
beginning to cover the scorch marks left where the town square of Briga once stood.




                                         MONSTERS
     All monsters in Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted Lands of Doaden treat other monsters as friendly.


FLAGELLANTS
HP: 10
Morale: 12
Spike chain 1D8
Armor:1
Special: Stop 2 inches from models and can make an attack without provoking attacks back.


AZERAI MAGE
HP: 16
Morale: 11
Straff 1D6/fire bolt 1D6
Armor: 1
Special: When not within 1 inch of another model they throw firebolt at nearest model.




                                                    14
SURTR
HP: 55
Morale:12
Smash 1D10
Armor: 2
Special: Models within 1 inch of Surtr wearing heavy armor take 1 damage that ignores armor whenever
Surtr activities as the metal is heated!
Any model that hit by Surtr must make a toughness test, on a failure the heat is to much and they must
move 3 inches away.




                                                   15
16
17
18
19
