1
    Facti on Lore




2
    The World of D oa den

W
           elcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted lands
             and twisted monsters, where an ever-creeping affliction
                     corrodes the very essence of existence.

          It is a world of decay and depravity where once-righteous men
and heroes of the glorious purpose now struggle to survive as cults and
dark gods vie with one another to consume the last vestiges of humanity.

  It is a world of death, trapped in the fading dusk of a fallen empire.
  The heroes that wander these lands are no grand adventurers to be
                      honored in songs of minstrels.

For the heavy deeds and decisions these wanderers undertake invariably
leave them disheartened, broken, nothing more than soulless husks and
                shadows of their once-glorious selves.

 Yet as dark as Doaden may be, humanity clings to life with a stubborn
           tenacity, a last flickering flame within the dark.

  A last hurrah, a final war cry that shall echo in the black abyss of
        eternity, a momentary victory before the endless night.




                                                                           3
                   Faction Lore
               The Penitent Crusade
                                      part 3


      The Penitent Crusade is an iron fist, a standing army used to enforce the
    faith and laws of the Holy Western Empire.
     Sinners, criminals, and brigands, their ranks are indoctrinated to walk the
    Path of Redemption, the central credo of the Crusade.
      Marching brazenly into the dark, they purge monsters, demons, and any
    manner of external threats from the realm. Yet one must be wary, for when
    rumors of heresy and hidden cults emerge, the eyes of the Church of Azerai
    soon follow, and the flames of the Emperor’s wrath and judgment are not
    far behind.
      Those in the ranks of the church are wholly overtaken by unquestionable
    faith, and the need to purge the corruption with the blazing fire of the
    Emperor. In their midst, these zealots often leave a trail of dead, guilty and
    innocent alike.




4
5
    Husk




        Husks are the lowest of the low in the Holy Empire.
      They were once human but committed grave crimes
      and sins and proven themselves irredeemable.
        As punishment the Church of Azerai uses ancient
      methods to make them docile and compliant, drilling
      sharp needles into their brains and draining out the
      parts of the soul that make them human.
         Now, they are something less, able to perform
      simple tasks such as wielding weapons, hard labor,
      or simple crafting, but incapable of free thought or
      independence. They are the perfect slaves, and used
      for all manner of work, from guarding camps to
      farming or mining. Husks can still speak and act, but
      behind their deadened eyes one finds only emptiness.




6
6
Husks




        7
    Bastions




8
Bastion


      Bastion teams work in pairs, the first carrying a
    heavy shield and shortspear or rifle, while the rear
    carries a longspear to strike distant enemies.
      They are most effective operating as a pair, forming
    an impenetrable defense and a powerful offense.
      In war, rows of Bastion teams form unbreakable front
    lines, pressing ever forward into enemy ranks. They are
    near unbreakable so long as the formation holds.




                                                              9
     Quickblade



           Quickblades always get their mark. These killers
          never play fair and aim to kill before ever being seen.
            They have far more resources and military training
          than the average contract killer, allowing them to
          execute their victims swiftly.
            They are practiced assassins, slicing through the soft
          flesh of their enemies’ throats and parrying incoming
          attacks with ease -a final way to mock their foes
          before launching deadly counter-attacks.




10
Quickblades




              11
     Repentor Cavalry




12
                                  Repentor Cavalry


  The Repentor Cavalry are deadly warriors armed
with mighty weapons and mounted on fearless
combat stallions.
  Considered the pinnacle of the Penitent Crusade’s
fighting orders, each is easily worth ten men,
forming the core of the Crusade’s cavalry strike.




                                                      13
     Knight Redeemer




                 Knight Redeemers stride into battle alongside
               the crusade soldiers.
                  They are each powerful warriors and
               lieutenants, having served for many years. But
              in addition to their battlefield roles, these knights
              provide a special service to the Church of Azerai.
                 They stand as the witnesses for the heroic
               deeds of their companions. For those on the path
               to atonement, the redeemers mark acts of valor
               and heroism, vouching for the penitents who
              serve under them, and reducing their sentences
              accordingly.




14
Knight Redeemer




                  15
     Flameblade Knight




16
                                 Flameblade Knight




  The Flameblade Knight is a warrior of great
renown, carrying an enormous blade which she ignites
before combat.
  The sight of her descending on enemy ranks is a
wonder to behold, as is the devastation she brings to
the front lines.
  The scores of shredded and charred corpses she
leaves in her wake are a testament to her battle
prowess.




                                                        17
                                                        17
     Scarlet Centurion

               The Scarlet Centurion is an enormous warrior,
             striding into combat with his heavy steel weapons and
              spiked armor. He is a dastardly foe to face, showing
               no mercy nor remorse for his brutality. He revels
                 in bloodshed, charging straight into the melee to
                 slaughter whatever, or whoever the Crusade points
                   him at. It is said that in the midst of combat, the
                  blood of his foes covers him, washing over his
               armor like a scarlet river.




18
Scarlet Centurion




                    19
     Repentor Primus Solo




20
                              Repentor Primus Solo


 Commanding the Penitent Crusade is the Repentor
Primus, the martial leader of the host.
  Cold and ruthless, he is the backhanded slap
that drives the soldiery ever forward, should their
conviction show signs of waning.
  Serving at the behest of the Church, the Repentor
Primus is afforded some degree of autonomy when
enforcing the Church’s orders, a sure sign of the trust
placed in these warrior’s holy conviction.




                                                          21
                                                          21
     High Lord Azriel


               High Lord Azriel is the named protector of the
             Holy Empire, the ultimate commander of the Penitent
             Crusade, and the supreme leader of all standing armies
             in the realm.
               He is a mighty warrior, pouncing from the skies on
             his armored sphinx and obliterating foes with his great
             warhammer.
               Yet he is also a brilliant strategist, politician, and
             logistician, a master of war in all respects.




22
High Lord Azriel




                   23
     High Lord Azriel
        on Sphinx




24
Environment




              25
26
27
28
29
         Adventure Summary: Under Cover of Darkness

     H
                 igh Lord Azriel is the named protector of the Holy             Lord Azriel wishes to test the fortifications of his camp.
                 Empire, the ultimate commander of the Penitent              The party’s attempts will reveal any flaws or weaknesses in
                 Crusade, and the supreme leader of all standing armies      its defenses. Azriel wishes to prepare his camp against any
                 in the realm. He is a mighty warrior, pouncing from         infiltration attempts by the Stürmenburg defenders. This does not
                 the skies on his armored sphinx and obliterating foes       mean the assignment will be without risk. To ensure as real of
     with his great warhammer. Yet he is also a brilliant strategist,        a simulation as possible, none of the defending crusaders have
     politician, and logistician, a master of war in all respects.           been made aware of the party’s infiltration attempt. The crusaders
                                                                             will treat the party as enemies, killing them or capturing them
        Azriel’s great force lays siege in the north to the heavily
                                                                             on sight. It is up to you whether they would believe or spare the
     fortified city of Stürmenburg. War has not begun, but for the next
                                                                             party should they be caught.
     several months Azriel prepares to surround the great walled city,
     making a show of force while undertaking intense negotiations           Homebrew Campaigns
     that will likely determine the future of the Holy Empire in the
     region; whether war can be prevented or whether it is a certainty         If you are running this scenario as a one-shot or part of a
     is yet to be seen.                                                      homebrew campaign, pick one of the following prompts or make
                                                                             your own. The underlying premise for the camp’s existence can
       Though the war has not yet begun, a general must not be
                                                                             be changed to serve your needs.
     complacent, for a second war is waged in the shadows long
     before any armed conflict begins. This is a war of spies and            Freeing a Prisoner
     assassins, subterfuge and stealth, political intrigue, hidden blades,
     poisoned goblets, and the coup d’état.                                    Instead of the Standard, the party infiltrates the camp to free
                                                                             their friend, political ally, or other important NPC. They should
     The Adventuring Party. The party must infiltrate Azriel’s               have a good reason to rescue the character.
     military encampment. Using a combination of stealth, trickery,
     guile, and strength, they must make it to the heart of the camp         Stealing an Artifact
     and back out again with a precious item. If they are not careful,
                                                                               Instead of the Standard, the party infiltrates the camp to steal a
     the entire camp may be alerted, and they will have to retreat
                                                                             precious magical artifact. They could be working for the enemy,
     with haste, driving a machine of steel and wheels to outrun their
                                                                             stealing the item so that this army cannot use it in war. Or, they
     pursuers.                                                               could be out for themselves, stealing it to grow strong or to sell
                                                                             for a significant amount of gold. Pick out any magical artifact for
                                                                             this prompt to steal.
     Adventure Hooks
       Consider the following prompts to place the party into                Assassinating a Target
     the scenario. If you are running an official campaign, use
                                                                                Instead of the Standard, the party infiltrates the camp to
     the Bestiarum Campaign hook. Otherwise, pick any of the
                                                                             assassinate a high-value target. It could be a lieutenant or other
     Homebrew Campaigns hooks and adapt the scenario for your
                                                                             commanding officer or even a normal soldier. You should create
     own campaign.                                                           a good reason for the assassination. Perhaps the target is a critical
                                                                             strategist of the enemy, or guilty of atrocious war crimes. In the
     Bestiarum Campaign                                                      simplest scenario, the party is hired and paid a hefty sum of gold,
        The party works for the Penitent Crusade. They have been             with no questions asked.
     assigned by Lord Azriel to infiltrate his encampment and steal the
     Crusade Standard. The Standard is kept under heavy guard inside
     the camp. Then, with the item in tow, they must escape with their
     lives.
30
31
32
33
34
