1
    Facti on Lore




2
     The World of D oa den
          elcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of

W             tainted lands and twisted monsters,
          where an ever-creeping affliction corrodes the
                    very essence of existence.

 It is a world of decay and depravity where once-righteous
men and heroes of glorious purpose now struggle to survive
as cults and dark gods vie with one another to consume the
                  last vestiges of humanity.

     It is a world of death, trapped in the fading dusk
                      of a fallen empire.
     The heroes that wander these lands are no grand
      adventurers to be honored in songs of minstrels.
For the heavy deeds and decisions these wanderers undertake
         invariably leave them disheartened, broken,
  nothing more than soulless husks and shadows of their
                    once-glorious selves.

   Yet as dark as Doaden may be, humanity clings to life
                  with a stubborn tenacity,
          a last flickering flame within the dark.
A last hurrah, a final war cry that shall echo in the black
                      abyss of eternity,
       a momentary victory before the endless night.




                                                              3
                  Faction Lore
              The Penitent Crusade



      The Penitent Crusade is an iron fist, a standing army used to enforce the
    faith and laws of the Holy Western Empire.
     Sinners, criminals, and brigands, their ranks are indoctrinated to walk the
    Path of Redemption, the central credo of the Crusade.
      Marching brazenly into the dark, they purge monsters, demons, and any
    manner of external threats from the realm. Yet one must be wary, for when
    rumors of heresy and hidden cults emerge, the eyes of the Church of Azerai
    soon follow, and the flames of the Emperor’s wrath and judgment are not
    far behind.
      Those in the ranks of the church are wholly overtaken by unquestionable
    faith, and the need to purge the corruption with the blazing fire of the
    Emperor. In their midst, these zealots often leave a trail of dead, guilty and
    innocent alike.




4
5
    Flagellant



           Flagellants are sinners and criminals beyond
         redemption. Treated like animals, they are beaten and
         mangled, their arms sawn off and weaponry nailed
         into their seeping, cauterized stumps.
           Their minds are broken by torture and contorted by
         ceaseless litany, becoming vessels of pure anguish,
         remorse, and hatred.
           In the peak of their insanity, they are unleashed into
         the midst of combat, their pent-up rage directed at the
         front lines of the enemy, where they charge invariably
         to their deaths as they flail their mangled, weaponized
             bodies at the foe.




6
Flagellants




              7
    Azerai Mages




8
Azerai Mage


        Azerai Mages turn to the holy word of the Emperor,
      calling down the divine flames of wrath and judgment
      upon their foes.
        Chanting arcane passages and the holy scriptures,
      they arrive on the battlefield to channel spouts of fire
      and scorching heat. Though they frequent the fields
      of battle, they prefer not to engage with the enemy
      directly, providing support where needed and hiding
      behind lines of Bulwarks or rabid Flagellants




                                                                 9
     Flame Defender


              Flame Defenders are hulking knights dressed in
            charred armor and carrying massive bludgeoning
            weapons.
              They are stalwart guardians, screening enemies and
            protecting important clergy on the battlefield.
              As honored warriors, they are burdened to carry the
            light of the Azerai faith into battle, which burst from
            their weapons and spread from their helmets like a
            beacon on the front lines.




10
Flame Defenders




                  11
     Iron Maiden




12
                                         Iron Maiden



 Iron Maidens are drawn from the ranks of the
Church of Azerai itself.
  Anointed by scripture and combat, they are powerful
battlefield generals adorned with hardened armors and
carrying great weapons blessed by the holy flame.
  They are revered sisters, able to commandeer armies
from even the highest of the Primus, esteemed sisters
of the Church, women who show no fear nor doubt,
driven only by the singular purpose of the protection
and expansion of the Azerai faith.
  Wherever they walk, these Iron Maidens bring the
light of the empire upon the faithful, and the blade of
his wrath upon the lost.




                                                          13
                                    Purifying Machine


       Purifying Machines are massive artillery torches,
     deployed into battle where absolute sheer power of
     disintegration is needed.
       These machines are carved in the shapes of faces,
     crowned with engulfing flames. The ceaseless fires that
     writhe within are ejected in white-hot motes that burn
     anything in their path.
       With the Emperor’s blessing, these fiery contraptions
     burn away sin and corruption, charring entire heretic
     towns, and crumbling enemy rank into ash and dust.




14
Purifying Machine




                    15
     Surtr




16
                                                Surtr


  Surtr holds a sad story, a monstrous giant engulfed
in flame, its skin charred and burned. It screams in
agony as it flails about, slicing its massive weapons
through the ranks of enemies of the Church of Azerai.
  The behemoth was captured near the world’s end,
where tremendous glacial mountains of frost clash
with magma-spewing volcanoes and where ancient
giants live and roam.
  Since its capture, the Church has tortured the
monster with the Emperor’s Flame, its skin blisters
and peels from its body, its eyes melting, and set
ablaze before shambling in the direction of the enemy,
to burn, destroy, and die.
  The cycle repeats, life, death, and pain,
as its body grows ever more disfigured
from each confrontation.




                                                         17
     Burned victims




18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
