                           ADVENTURE SUMMARY:
                             RISE OF THE JAILER

   Rise of the Jailer is the second starter adventure that concludes the events of the Burial Isle
scenario.
  The warband has followed the cultists from the strange island to an abandoned church where
their nefarious ritual is underway.
  The cultists, led by one named Tommit, are attempting to bring a powerful demon, the Jailer
into the physical world. The party must stop them before it is too late.




STORY HOOK

   In the prior scenario, Burial Isle, the warbands investigated a group of Tormentor Cultists that
was siphoning the blood of a god buried within an ancient tomb, though they did not know what
they were using the blood for.
  This adventure starts immediately after Burial Isle, as the warbands uncover the cultist hideout
in an abandoned chapel.
  There, they will discover the blood is being used to raise an incredibly powerful demon, the
Jailer, an event that must be stopped at all costs.
                                      FORBIDDEN PSALM:
                        THE TAINTED LANDS OF DOADEN

INTRO
    Welcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted lands and twisted monsters, where an ever-creeping
affliction corrodes the very essence of existence. It is a world of decay and depravity where once- righteous men
and heroes of glorious purpose now struggle to survive as cults and dark gods vie with one another to consume
the last vestiges of humanity.

  In Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted lands of Doaden you will find:
• Three scenarios created for the fantastic monsters from Bestiarum Miniatures;
• Rules for monsters.

These scenarios should be played in order.
You will need a copy of the Forbidden Psalm Core Book to play.
This scenario should be played in solo or coop only.

BACKGROUND

BURIAL ISLE

This adventure takes place on a strange, unnamed island off the coast of the Western Reaches. The island is a
burial tomb for the Scythrians, an extinct civilization from long before the Old Empire. Little is known about
the Scythrians. The cultists have been hard at work excavating an ancient Scythrian tomb.

TORMENTOR CULT

  A group of cultists have been visiting the Burial Isle. They excavated the Scythrian tomb and unearthed the
sarcophagus of a dead god. They have been syphoning its blood to use in nefarious rituals dedicated to the
Jailer, the chaotic demon that rules over a bizarre dimension known as the Prison Realm.
  This adventure takes places within the Forsaken Chapel, a church that has been abandoned for decades. A
group of Tormentor Cultists has been operating here, attempting to bring the Jailer demon they worship into
reality. They are led by a man named Tommit who has made a deal with the Jailer, granting him power in
exchange for his service.

The Forsaken Chapel

  The chapel was once dedicated to the Church of Azerai, but there is more to this place than there may seem.
The chapel is part of a large abbey complex that was once run many years ago, by its caretaker, Father Rayhem.
Rayhem established an experimental asylum facility here, assisted by several monks and nuns.
  He took children that suffered from a variety of physical and mentally infirmities, attempting to rehabilitate
them so that they could grow into productive members of society. However, Rayhem’s experimental treatment
methods were grueling, painful, and unsound.

                                                      3

 Over the years, the anguish and tortures experienced by the children drew the attention the Jailer, a powerful
Tommit’s Cult
    The Jailer spoke to the children, taking various forms and slowly manipulating them, turning
the children to its own ends. It identified Tommit, a young boy who showed signs of
psychopathy, promising him great powers and status in exchange for orchestrating the brutal
ritual sacrifices necessary to thin the veil between the Jailer’s realm and the physical sphere.
Tommit agreed to the demon’s terms, leading the other children to revolt, and sacrificing their
caretakers to the Jailer in hopes of completing the ritual.
    The Jailer wished to acquire a physical form, a difficult task that requires great magical
energy. Tommit was missing such a component, but after completing the preliminary rituals, the
veil between physical space and the Jailer’s realm was thinned, causing the two spaces to bleed
over so that they could walk between the realms.
    Tommit and his followers spent the next few decades worshipping the Jailer, consulting with
the demon in its own realm. It directed them in their long and difficult search for a source of
magic powerful enough to complete the ritual. Recently, the cultists discovered the Scythrian
tomb explored in the Burial Isle adventure. There, they were able to siphon the blood of an
ancient god, with enough power to raise the Jailer. Mysteriously, the body of the god
disappeared after some time, but they cared not for this oddity, concerned only that they could
accomplish their goal of raising the Jailer.


The Jailer’s Realm
    The forsaken chapel is trapped between realms, remaining partially in the physical sphere,
and partially in the Jailer’s realm, a surreal space of anguish and torment.
  This bizarre realm stretches on infinitely both horizontally and vertically, an endless gravity-
defying labyrinth of prisons and torture chambers.
  The halls of this place echo with the screaming cries of captives and sacrifices.
  Their blood runs freely, channeling along the floor, draining from broken bodies to flowing
like arteries somewhere deeper, feeding the dark master.
  These unfortunate souls exist in this state for all eternity, trapped in this realm of torment and
suffering.




This scenario should be played in solo or coop only.




                                                  4
                                        SCENARIO:

                                BAPTISM IN BLOOD
    The Warband trails the cultists for two days, following the hooded figures back to the shores
of the Western Reaches on the first day, and through an overgrown wood on the second. They
carry a large wooden box which you deduce is filled with whatever arcane substance they
extracted from the underground burial tomb.
    Careful to maintain a distance and staying several miles behind the group, the warband
follows as they finally come to an old church as night falls. The structure rises above the
surrounding trees. It is lit by rings of softly glowing candles that surround its exterior. The place
looks to have been abandoned for many years. Wild grasses and twisting vines have encroached
upon it, creeping up the sides of the building.
    The warband follows the cultists and watches as they begin to prepare and perform the ritual
to awaken the Jailer. The warband attacks and kills the cultists but before the warbands can strike
him down Tommit, he laughs at them as he dashes away into the night. Informing the warbands
that it is to late and the Jailer is coming. The warbands quickly read the discard ritual texts of the
cultists and realise that they must kill the Jailer before he transitions to the mortal realm. To do
so means they must make a blood sacrifice to pass over to the other side and fight him before he
becomes too strong.


GOAL
Kill the Jailer.


REWARD
Warbands that take part in this scenario gain 10xp.


SETUP AND TREASURE
On a Board that measures 12 inches by 16 inches you should setup terrain as shown in the
diagram.
To make it to the Jailer realm the parties had to give a blood sacrifice.
Each player selects one model from their warband, and it suffers 1D6 damage before the
scenario starts.
A1 is the entrance to the board.
A2 place the Jailer.
A3 is Sacrificial Clusters.


                                                 5
DEPLOYMENT
Players should take it in turns to place one model as close to A1 as possible.


THREATS
Place the Jailer in the center of the board. Each round roll a 1D6 for each Sacrificial Clusters, on
a 4+ spawn a cultist within 1 inch of the Sacrificial Clusters.


SOLO PLAY
Cultists only spawn on a roll of a 5+
The Scenario ends when the jailer is dead.


RPG TEXT BOX
When the party arrives read:


     You come to your senses before a great pool of swirling blood and flesh. Standing knee-deep
at the center of the pool is a naked man with a handsome face and slicked-back brown hair.
   You watch in horror as the flesh is torn from his body, his skin and muscle disintegrating,
revealing the pulsating veins and organs beneath.
   He lets out a maddened laugh of ecstasy as his own flesh swirls around him, reforming and
coalescing again, reshaping his form into a strange, demonic being, winged and slender, yet
beautiful.
  From all around, you hear a bellowing voice, a deep, grinding resonance that echoes through
your very mind and body.


     “Rise my servant, as Andras, Marquis of Torment. Leave me now. We have intruders.”


     The man kneels and spreads his wings, preparing for flight.
  As he lifts into the air, the ground begins the tremble, the viscous liquid in the pool seethes and
roils, forming rippling crests and waves.
  An enormous, bloated arm explodes out of the pool, then another, digging into the ground,
and pulling forth a malformed abomination of gigantic proportions.
  Dripping in blood, the hideous thing groans, steps forth on elephantine legs.
         It draws forth a serrated whip made of sinew and bone.




                                                  6
Map 1




        7
                                        EPILOGUE
    If the warbands defeat the Nascent Jailer, its form dissipates. With the demon’s energy
waning, its realm fades away and the veil between the Forsaken Chapel and the Jailer Realm is
restored. The warbands are transported back to real space,




                                     MONSTERS
All monsters in Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted Lands of Doaden treat other monsters as friendly.




CULTIST
HP: 8
MORALE: *
WICKED BLADE 1D6
ARMOR:1
SPECIAL: Morale is 8 normally but increases to 12 if within 6 inches of Jailer




JAILER
HP: 30
MORALE: -
SPINED WHIP 1d8
ARMOR: 3
SPECIAL: Can attack with its whip up to 3 inches away.
When a cultist dies within 8 inches of the Jailer it heals 5hp.




                                                  8
9
10
11
12
