     Fire and Death!
      The Beastmen hordes have breached the walls of Stürmenburg, pillaging and burning as
they swarm the city. Will your warband rise against the befouled hordes and cut the head of
the beast, or will they fall beneath their hooves, trampled to death, their last gasps for air
drowned out by their bleating laughs?


     This scenario picks up immediately after the previous adventure, Siege of
Stürmenburg Pt. I.
       Wall Träz has been breached and the Beastmen spill into the outer district. The city’s
last defenders, organized by Lord Arminius himself, warden of the city and esteemed general,
fall back to prepare a final defense. However, a delicate diplomatic situation arises. Fearing
for his own safety, the Imperial Administrator, Varus, has demanded to be extracted from the
city. Though the city burns and the screams of the dying echo throughout the streets, Varus
must be appeased if peace between the Empire is to be maintained.


MISSION
      The warbands must help retake the walls of the city in scenario 1 and secure the gates
to stem the flow of Beastmen. With that difficult task complete the surviving warband
members must help escort Varus out of the city and fight off waves of beasts.
      If they manage this, they might even invoke the attention of the Beastlord Grimscar
(scenario 3).
      Intro page

      Welcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted lands and twisted
monsters, where an ever-creeping affliction corrodes the very essence of existence. It
is a world of decay and depravity where once- righteous men and heroes of glorious
purpose now struggle to survive as cults and dark gods vie with one another to
consume the last vestiges of humanity.


      In Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted lands of Doaden you will find:
• Three scenarios created for the fantastic monsters from Bestiarum miniatures;
• Rules for monsters;


     These scenarios should be played in order. You will need a copy of the
Forbidden Psalm Core Book to play.
     The North is a sparsely populated region historically inhabited by nomadic tribes. The
people are animistic, believing in nature spirits that are contrary to the beliefs of the Church
of Azerai. However, their warriors are fierce, and the region is too craggy and cold to grow
much crop or livestock.
     A military campaign of the magnitude needed to conquer the north would be costly,
arduous, and offer little return. For these reasons, the North maintains independence from the
Empire, the Church finding little benefit in extending its reach into such inhospitable lands.
      The Beastmen
      Beastmen hail from the north. Historically, they warred with the barbarian tribes, but
often spilled into the south to pillage and raid. Though the wars of old quieted down to small
skirmishes and opportunistic raids for many generations, they have recently become
militaristic once again.
      History of Stürmenburg
       The fortress city of Stürmenburg is located along the northern frontier of the Empire,
thus it suffers the constant barbarian and Beastmen attack from the north. Though the
defenders share much history and culture with the northmen, they have remained loyal to the
Empire after being conquered during its expansionary years.
      As a fortress city subjected to constant war, most townsfolk have received extensive
military training. The city has a large supply of well-trained militia in addition to its city
guard, which acts as a standing army.
      Stürmenburg’s most distinctive features are its three massive walls that form rings
around the city, towering some 15 to 20 meters into the air. They grow progressively taller,
rising from the outermost wall to the innermost one. The walls were constructed thousands of
years ago from monolithic slabs of stone carved from the nearby mountains. It is unclear how
the massive stones were cut or transported.
The walls, from outer to inner, are named Wall Träz, Wall Sten, and Wall Stahl, so named in
Gaurric for wood, stone, and steel, respectively. These names represent the most important
materials used to construct the city’s defenses, which the people have relied on for countless
generations.

These scenarios should be played in solo or coop only.
      First, the warbands must fight along Wall Träz to recapture it. They must reach Gate
Bjärn and retake it.
       Fighting your way through the outer district to the wall. The despoiled goat-men block
the way at every turn, causing mayhem in the streets as they attack the townsfolk and light
their homes on fire. Its slow progress for the warbands as they cut them down one after
another, clearing the way to Wall Träz.
       Eventually, reaching a long stone stairway that ascends the great wall. Ascending the
steps, a bleat from above calls out, and a warband member dodges to the side just in time to
avoid the swing from a Capra’s axe. Shoving the beast off the stairs, it hurdles down to
splatter upon the cobbled streets below. Coming to the top of the rampart, the warband finds a
great blazing brazier. In the distance, they can make out the gatehouse for the Bjärn Gate, but
to reach it, they will need to cut their way through swathes of Beastmen that have overrun the
wall. All around, the clashes of weapons can be heard, as the battle rages furiously along the
walls.


GOAL
Fight your way through the Beastmen to the gate house.


REWARD
For each Beastmen slain the Warband gains 1 additional XP.


SETUP AND TREASURE
The board is map up of a map that is 6 inches across and 24 inches long.
Across the wall you should place terrain to represent crates and other debris.
A1- Warband should be placed in area A1 and no more than 4 inches onto the board.
A2 - These are Beastmen towers that are on the wall, each one is where enemies will come from each
round. As an action a warband member can attempt to push the tower away by making a strength test.
However, this test can only be made if no enemy models are within 3 inches of the tower. On a
success no more hostiles spawn on that location.
A3 - This gap is 2 inches wide, and models must make an Agility test as an action to jump over it. On
a failure they land awkward and take 1 damage, on a pass they land safely, on a fumble they fall off
the wall and are killed!
A4 -This is the door to the tower; Models can move through this door and off of the board if no
enemies are within 3 inches of the door.
DEPLOYMENT
All models should be deployed in A1 as above.


THREATS
At the end of each round roll a D6 for each A2 area still connected.
1 – Nothing spawns
2 – Spawn a Capra Hunter
3 – Spawn a Capra Scout
4 – Spawn a Capra Marauder
5-6 Nothing spawns


SOLO PLAY
Do not spawn more hostiles if there are already 3 in play.


The Scenario ends when all living models make it through the door in A4.


RPG TEXT BOX
When the scenario ends read:
        As you fight your way towards the Bjärn Gatehouse, bloodied and tired, you look up to see a
full formation of Capra archers in the upper tower, bleating and gloating at you. They train a dozen
arrows on you, preparing to let loose their bows for the kill. But suddenly, a blinding white flash
erupts from the sky above, streaking downward from a twisting vortex of blackened clouds. Lightning
crashes down on the enemy, sending bricks and timbers flying about and leaving nothing behind but
charred bones and ash. Uldibad steps forward from the steaming wreckage, carrying large stone slab
carved with a glowing blue rune. Hamarhelm and Uldibad, as well as several other members of the
Blitzvakt have arrived. Uldibad used one of his runestones to call down a blast of lightning and
annihilating the enemy. Take a deep breath you survived for now.




                                                Map 1
      Now that you have secured the walls and gates you have stemmed the flow of Beastmen.
        The Warbands escort Varus through the war-torn city, sneaking from cover to cover. Varus
trails along behind, glancing about anxiously as he steps gingerly over the body of a dead soldier. A
look of repugnance washes over his face as he mutters aloud, “Savages.” Suddenly, the warbands hear
cries from a nearby alley. Turning to investigate, they find several pen-like cages with people held
inside. Before them is a great bonfire. What the Beastmen plan for them? Rushing over, the warbands
break the locks to the cages but as the townsfolk step out, a roar rings out. Several Beastmen rush
towards the warbands from the left and right, pinning them down in the narrow alleyway. A goatmen
charges toward Varus, slashing out with a blood-slickened cleaver. Varus quickly shoves one of the
townsfolk in its way, stepping back to safety as the man is sliced apart. Varus points a crooked finger
and screams, “Protect me!”


GOAL
Protect Varus.


REWARD
If Varus survives each warband gains 100 gold. For Each surviving townsfolk member warbands gain
5 gold.


SETUP AND TREASURE
Set up the board as shown in Map 2. The Board should be at least 20 inches by 20 inches. In A1 place
5 civilian models and one model to represent Varus.
At the end of each turn move civilians 1D6 in a random direction unless an enemy is within 1 inch of
them (they stop at terrain or edge of bonfire).
Civilians do not attack back and have the stats
HP6 Armor 1
Varus has the stats
HP12 Armor 1
In the centre of the board place a large bonfire.
Vaurs does not move
A3 is a blockage that can be cleared. Models must make a Strength test to move the blockage out of
the way. Models within 1 inch can as an action clear some of the blockage with a successful strength
test. Note how many successes have been made, when 6 successful rolls have been made the blockage
is cleared and the models can move off of the board.
Hostiles that spawn this scenario prioritise civilians, then Varus then warband members until they take
any damage. Once they have taken damage, they prioritise the last model to hurt them.
Deployment
All warbands should be placed in A4.
Threats
Each round roll a D20 for each area marked A2 and spawn the following:

d20                               Enemy Spawned
1-4                               2x Capra Scout
5-7                               1x Capra Hunter
8 - 10                            1x Boargore
11 - 13                           1x Gorehound
14 - 16                           1x Capra Herd Keeper
17 - 19                           1x Capra Marauder
20                                1x Armogor

Solo Play
It only takes 4 successes to clear the blockage. Only roll a single dice each round for hostiles to spawn
and randomise with A2 they appear in.
The Scenario ends when the blockage is cleared.
RPG text box
If the party clears the blockage and Varus is still alive read:
Clearing the way, you quickly grab Varus and drag him towards the exit. You hear the calls of the
beasts behind you and make a quick escape.
Map 2
                 SCENARIO 3: CHALLENGE BE THY NAME.

      The flames grow higher, engulfing the city and filling the sky with billowing clouds of smoke.
The Warbands push onward to the Ulf Gate, choking on the acrid, ash-filled air. War rages all around,
the sounds of clashing weapons and screams of the dying echoing throughout the night.
       As they run, they glimpse the mountainous Hamarhelm in the distance. He stands waist deep in
Beastmen corpses, his iron Warhammer matted with layers of pulverized flesh and scraps of fur.
Covered in bloody gashes and sweat, his skin shines bronze in the firelight. He shouts a bellowing war
cry as he charges off, barrelling into an oncoming horde. Pushing onward, the warbands pass three
guardsmen standing together with shields raised. A demonic centaur-like beast charges forth,
swinging a battleaxe and slicing the heads off two of the men before swiping at the last with a set of
clawed hooves.
       A sudden trumpet sounds and Arminius charges from around a corner, dressed in blood-
splattered armor and mounted on an enormous destrier. Accompanied by a retinue of cavalry, he
brings a halberd down on the demonic beast, cleaving into its torso, its intestines spilling to the
ground as its body collapses. Arminius shouts a command to his men before they charge away.
       The Warbands come finally to the main road, a long highway that leads to the great Ulf Gate.
Uldibad dances about before the great gate, firing spurts of fire and lighting from his hands as he
disintegrates goatmen left and right. Around him are a dozen corpses of guardsmen.
       A sudden bleating cry cuts through the night. A large goatman wearing heavy amor jumps
down from a nearby rooftop. His plate armor is adorned with human skulls and severed heads. With a
swipe of a spike greataxe, slices Uldibad across chest, dropping the rune priest to the ground. Bleating
cheers of the rabid horde echo through the night. The Beastlord looks to the Warbands. Raising his
bloody axe, he points at you as he begins to circle left and right.


GOAL
Kill Grimscar.


REWARD
10xp for the party that kills Grimscar.


SETUP AND TREASURE
On a board 24 inches by 18 inches set up a ruined city street as shown in Map3. Around 6 inches on
the board set up the statue that stands between the party and Grimscar.

On the ground A3, place the body of Uldibad who is mortally wounded.


DEPLOYMENT
All warband members should be placed around A1.
THREATS
In a A3 place Grimscar he is here to kill them all.


SOLO PLAY
As above.


The Scenario ends when Grimscar dies.




                                                 Map 3
      Grimscar's fall means the remaining Beastmen in the city will begin to lose morale and route.
With few ways out of the city for the beasts to take, the Defenders of Stürmenburg will be able to
methodically slay the remaining attackers within their walls. However, Varus cannot escape through
the Ulf Gate. The guards sent to open the gate were defeated by Grimscar and his Beastmen.
        Now, Varus would need to find another gate, and he is impatient to do so. Hamarhelm arrives
at the scene, and he demands that Hamarhelm and the party immediately take him to safety. However,
Hamarhelm must first see to Uldibad.


      The Beastlord falls to the ground, its eyes rolling back into its skull. Turning to Uldibad, you
see Hamarhelm approaching and kneeling down by the rune priest. The wound is fatal. A slash across
the chest and abdomen. Uldibad will die, though it will be slow and painful.
      Varus, seeing Hamarhelm approach, steps out from behind a pile of crates where he had been
hiding during the fight. He speaks quickly and anxiously, “Hurry, take me to safety before more
beasts arrive!” Hamarhelm replies calmly, “No brother of mine shall pass alone. I must stay.” Varus
grunts in frustration, swinging about and pointing at Hamarhelm and you, “This man is as good as
dead! I command you all! Take me to another gate! Now!”
       Yet again Hamarhelm refuses, turning his attention back to his dying friend, “I stay!” A look of
anger washes over Varus. In an instant, he draws a dagger from his waist sash and plunges it into
Uldibad’s throat, spitting out, “There’s no use waiting for the dead!” The rune priest shudders for a
moment as his blood spurts forth from his jugular, and then falls still. Hamarhelm lets loose a cry of
pure rage and pain. He clasps Varus’ head in both hands, squeezing them together. Varus screeches
out, his eyes bulging from their sockets and blood leaking from his nostrils, his face turning purple
from the pressure. “Stop him!” he cries in desperation.



A Final choice for the warbands to make:
   As players you should decide how your warbands handle this situation. They may try to
intervene to save Varus, or to step back and let the scene unfold.
   Hamarhelm is acting on pure rage and instinct. If left alone, he will explode Varus’ head as
easily as one might a tomato.
   However, the Warbands may choose to intervene. If one Warband choices to intervene they
stop Hamarhelm, if no Warband intervenes Varus is killed.
   Warbands must keep in mind that Varus’ death will inevitably plunge the land into civil war
with the Empire!
All monsters in Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted Lands of Doaden treat other monsters as
friendly.



CAPRA SCOUTS

HP: 8

Morale: 9

Handaxe 1D4

Armor: 1

Special: After successfully hitting a model the Scout disengages from combat and moves
1D6 away.



CAPRA HUNTER

HP: 9

Morale: 9

Dagger 1D4/Bow 1D6

Armor: 1

Special: Hunters do not move towards models instead standing back and using their bows.
If they are within 12 inches they do not move and attack with their bow as a ranged attack. If
they are over 12 inches, they move 1D6 towards a model and then attack once they are
within 12 inches.



CAPRA HERD KEEPER

HP: 6

Morale: 11

See Special.

Armor: 0

Special: If no warband member is within 1 inch of a Herd Keeper they fire flame bolt out
against the nearest model. [deals 1d6 damage that ignores Armor]. They donot move
towards models. If a model is within 1 inch they strike with their staff [1d4]. At the end of
their action if any beast man model is hurt and within 6 inches of them the Herd Keepers
heal them 1D4 HP.
CAPRA MARAUDER

HP: 13

Morale: 11

Battleaxe 1D12

Armor: 2

Special: Whenever a model moves within 1 inch the Marauder, it immediately makes a
headbutt attack [1D4].



BOARGORE

HP: 9
Morale: 8

Gore: 1D6

Armor: 2

Special: If the Boargore moves at least 2 inches before it attacks its damage is increased to
1D10 in a successful hit.



GOREHOUND

HP: 10
Morale: 8

Bite: 1D8

Armor: 2

Special: Rolls 2d20 when attacking and takes best result.



ARMOGOR

HP: 24

Morale: -

Cleave 2D8

Armor: 2

Special: If the Armogor moves at least 2 inches before it attacks its damage is increased to
2D10 in a successful hit.
GRIMSCAR THE BEASTLORD

HP: 40

Morale: -

Battleaxe 1D12

Armor: 3

Special: At the start of each round roll a D6 on a result of a 5+ 1 Gorehound should be
placed within 1 inch of Grimscar.
