  s un ken
  T emp le
ABe
  sti
    aru
      mAd
        ven
          tur
            e
                               ADVENTURE SUMMARY:


         SUNKEN TEMPLE
    This module can be run as a one-shot or as part of a persistent dark fantasy
              campaign using Bestiarum’s Forbidden Psalm series.
Beneath the churning waves of the sea lies an ancient temple, unseen by human eyes. Its
dark corridors and sunken chambers hold secrets of eons long past, and horrors that
have lurked undisturbed for centuries. Once in every several years, an enormous
maelstrom drains the coastal waters from a seaside gulf, leaving miles of stinking fish
stranded on the barren coral reefs and revealing the algae covered entrance to the
temple. Rumors speak of the abominable aquatic horrors that guard its inner chambers,
yet also of great treasure hidden within.
An officer of the maritime guild approaches the warband/s, showing them an intricate
map of the sunken temple. The map highlights a specific chamber deep within, believed to
contain an artifact of incredible value that can control the tides. The maritime guild offers
a handsome reward for any adventurer brave enough to retrieve it, hoping to establish
safer passages for their ships in the region.
The sunken temple stands as a testament to a bygone era, meticulously carved from a
strange greenish-blue stone. Every inch of its surface is adorned with intricate carvings
of humanoid fish-folk, their amphibious forms displaying grotesque webbed
appendages and large saucer-like eyes. The passageways are slick with dampness and
filled with patches of wet seaweed and the stench of fish. Though now exposed to open
air, it's evident that this temple has only recently submerged from beneath the waves.

          Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted Lands of Doaden
Welcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted lands and twisted monsters,
where an ever-creeping affliction corrodes the very essence of existence. It is a world of
decay and depravity where once- righteous men and heroes of glorious purpose now
struggle to survive as cults and dark gods vie with one another to consume the last
vestiges of humanity.
In Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted lands of Doaden you will find,
   •   Scenarios created for the fantastic monsters from Bestiarum Games.
   •   Rules for the Monsters
These scenarios should be played in order.
You will need a copy of the Forbidden Psalm Core Book to play.


                                                                                    Page 1 of 9
Scenario 1:
Below Sea Level
The scent of salt fills the air, accompanied by the pungent odour of decaying fish. Piles of
their scaly, bloated bodies lie flopping across a mile-long stretch of mucky floor, flickering in
the light of the moon. An incredible sight swirls on the horizon – an enormous maelstrom
churning across the night sky, its raw power drawing the tides away from the gulf. Barren
coral reefs, normally hidden deep beneath the waves, now sprawl out in vast, intricate
networks, their jagged formations snaring the corpses of marine life that couldn’t evacuate
the receding waters. As you pick your way through the maze of sharp rock and slick seaweed,
you come to a small pagoda made of strange bluish-green stone, half-buried in the sand.
Tangled webs of seaweed hang like a curtain from its dark entrance and the steady drip of
dank water echoes from within.
Within the temple are writings made by the fish-folk. Their runes are difficult to discern and the
records of their language so scarce that very few have been exposed to it.
The air is cool as you step into the pagoda, the scent of algae and damp stone filling your
nostrils. Before you, the walls seem alive with carvings of eerie fish-folk with grotesque, webbed
appendages, and large saucer-like eyes, their strange forms dancing in the shadows. To your
left, one mural displays fish-priests garbed in flowing robes, each holding crescent-shaped
sceptres pointed reverently to a luminous full moon overhead. To your right, another fresco
unfolds, this one even more haunting. Here, the fish-folk are prostrate, venerating immense
marine behemoths, their bodies a tangle of tentacles and mishappen limbs. The sheer detail in
each creature hints at a world so alien, it sends shivers down your spine. Dominating the centre
of the pagoda is a dark shaft, descending into the stygian depths below.



                                                                                        Page 2 of 9
Goal
Go deeper into the Temple.

Reward
The reward awaits those brave enough to travel deeper.

Setup and Treasure
The board should be set up as a long corridor, that is 12 inches across and 24 inches in length.
The warbands should be placed at one end of the corridor and they can leave the table via the
far end.
Models crossing Coral must make an agility test. On a failure their movement ends.

Threats
Each 3 inches [starting 3 inches onto the board and carrying on until you reach the far end of
the board] along the corridor place across the corridor coral and bracken in 1 inch bands, when
a model gets within 3 inches of these for the first time roll a D6
1 – They are treasure and can be looted
2-4 –Place three Leechworm Swarms per warband
5 – Place two Wormhosts per warband
6 – Reroll and take both results.

Solo Play
As Above
The Scenario ends when all models leave the table via the exit.




                                                                                        Page 3 of 9
Scenario 2:
The Twilight Zone
The walls of this chamber are covered in elaborate frescoes stretching around the entire room,
merging into one another with no clear beginning or end. The first section portrays underwater
scenes brimming with life; whales, sharks, fish, and other marine animals swimming in vast
hordes through the waters. Fish-folk gather in the deep waters with their hands raised in
prayer, revering strange marine behemoths that circle in the abyss below, twisted forms with
countless tentacles and grotesque, scaled bodies. The next mural depicts land masses emerging
from the waters and small creatures crawling forward to inhabit the dry areas. Bipedal, ape-like
mammals begin to stand and walk among the primitive forms of life, building structures and
towers of stone. The third and final depiction paints a dire prophecy. The lands are swallowed
by turbulent waves, a great tide that swallows all. Mountains, forest, and all living things are
consumed, swallowed once again by the restless seas.
As your gaze lowers to the centre, you see a stone pedestal with the square cube with a wave-
shaped line etched across it. Eerie runes are carved into the floor beneath the pedestal, shaped
in smooth, spiralling lines. The runes are odd, drawn with bent and twisted patterns and
unearthly geometries. The shapes are disturbing to look at, the product of some alien mind too
strange to comprehend.




                                                                                       Page 4 of 9
Goal
Fight your way through the sunken horrors and reach the next chamber.

Reward
You live.

Setup and Treasure
The board should be setup as 24 inches by 24 inches. A doorway of 6 inches should be placed on
one end of the table and another door directly opposite. In the centre of the table place a
pedestal at which you should place a Sunken priest.
In each of the corners of the room place a treasure token that can be looted.
Models can only leave the table via the 2 doors.

Warbands are not deployed as normal. Instead on round 1 they can each move onto the board
via the lower door as part of their first movement.

Threats
Place around the Priest 4 Sunken Cadavers for each warband taking part. At the start of each
round where the Sunken Priest still lives, spawn 4 more Sunken Cadavers from the far door per
warband.
The Scenario ends when all warband/s leave via the far door.




                                                                                    Page 5 of 9
Scenario 3:
The Abyss
The passage gradually widens into a vast, dark chamber. As you enter, your feet crunch on a
carpet of small bone fragments and discarded crustacean shells. A sinister silence pervades,
broken intermittently by that eerie chittering noise. At the centre of the room is a stone cube
sitting on a raised platform.
As you contemplate your next move, you hear a deafening screech. A massive form bursts forth
from a crevice to one side of the chamber, a nightmarish thing with multiple eyes glittering
green in the shadows, and hundreds of sharp legs clattering across the ground with terrifying
speed. Its chitinous body reflects what little light there is, revealing a monstrous, elongated
form, hungry and ready to attack!

Goal
Kill the horror, get the treasure and swim to safety.

Reward
The warband that slays the Zhathogga gains 5xp, the warband the returns the stone cube gains
25 gold.


                                                                                        Page 6 of 9
Setup and Treasure
Setup a table 24 inches by 24inches, in the centre place a pedestal to represent where the stone
cube is kept. Next to this place the Zhathogga.
An entrance to this chamber that is 6 inches across should be placed on one of the table edges.
Within 3 inches of this entrance place all warband members.
A model within 1 inch of the pedestal can pick up the stone cube. At this point the chamber
begins to flood, and walls break apart. Models within 1 inch of a board edge can now make a
strength test to push through the broken walls and swim away. Once a model leaves the table
edge it should roll a D20, on a result of a 1 they drown before they make it back to the surface
and are lost forever, including any equipment they are holding.
Until the Stone cube is picked up no model can leave the table.

Threats
Each round 2 Leech worms come from the floor, place them within 6 inches of the pedestal at
the start of the monster activation phase.

The Scenario ends when all warband members have made an exit.




                                                                                        Page 7 of 9
Monsters
All monsters in Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted Lands of Doaden treat other monsters as friendly.

Zhathogga
HP: 40 Morale: 12 Claw 1D12 Armor: 2
Special: At the start of the Zhathogga’s activation pick one model within 12 inches, that model
must make a presence test. On a failure they are frozen and loose their next activation. If the
Zhathogga is ever critically hit, remove it from play until the start of the next monster phase. At
which point replace it within 3 inch of the pedestal and it acts as normal that turn.

Wormhost
HP: 15 Morale: - Slam 1D8 Armor: 1
Special: When a Wormhost dies replace it with 1D4 Leechworm swarms

Sunken Cadaver
HP: 9 Morale: - Claw 1D6 Armor: 0
Special: Unless the last piece of damage against a Sunken Cadaver is dealt by a critical hit
instead of dropping them to 0hp, they are reduced to 1HP, Each time they drop to 0 instead drop
them to 1hp. Do not do this if the weapon that dealt this final damage, causes the dazed effect,
has the Burn rule, or is two handed.

Sunken Priest
HP: 16 Morale: - Tentacle 1D4 Armor: 1
Special: All warband members within 3 inches of the Priest reduce their movement by 1 to a
minimum of 1.
When attacked roll a D20 on a result of a 15 the Priest uses a water shield to ignore all damage.




                                                                                         Page 8 of 9
Credits:
Forbidden Psalm Adventure Designer: Will Rahman
Bestiarum Game Design Lead: Alexander H. Dovermann
Miniatures and Additional Artwork: Bestiarum Games


This RPG Adventure has been adapted from Bestiarum Game’s 5E Compatible Modules
(designed by Alexander H. Dovermann) for the game Forbidden Psalm (written by Will
Rahman).




                                                                                 Page 9 of 9
