                          THE NECRO SPIDERS
                              & REMADE


 Y           ears after the infestation of the mine, a group of dark elves moved into the mine.
             They formed a strange, unnatural symbiotic relationship with the cave spiders.
                Fearing the extinction of their race, the elf cult, calling themselves the Remade,
             turned to the forbidden art of flesh shaping. When a Remade dies, their remains
are taken to the Fleshsmith, a priestess who stitches them back together, replacing any missing
limbs or organs with parts from spiders and other humanoids.
   The stitched bodies are then wrapped in strange, acidic cocoons which meld the flesh and
souls together, birthing a creature that is neither an elf nor a spider, but something more.
   Over time, individuals lose themselves as they are reshaped again and again, their bodies
turning ever more monstrous and their minds becoming crazed and bestial. In their twisted
form, they lose all sense of identity and turn against those they once knew, now known as
Necro Spiders.




                                                                                                 1
F
           earing the extinction of their race, dark elf cultists, now known as the Remade,
           turned to the forbidden art of flesh shaping.
              The Fleshsmith stitches together the bodies of the fallen, using genetic material
           from the cave spiders, beasts, and other humanoids to replace any missing limbs or
organs. For the Remade, the reshaping process has become a way of achieving immortality,
though the side effects that corrode the mind and twist the form are more than most would
sacrifice.
  Over time, as this process is repeated, the individual loses more and more of themselves,
their bodies turning ever more monstrous and their minds becoming crazed.
In their twisted form, they are known as the Necro Spiders.




2
CAVE SPIDER
Cave Spiders are found throughout the deep places of Doaden, fast and deadly beasts
adept at hunting any prey of any size that are unfortunate enough to enter their caves.
  It was obsession with the Cave Arachne that first drove the Remade to intermix their
genetics. Obsessed with what they perceived as the perfect biological form, they searched
for ways to attain their agility and natural toxins.




                                                                                            3
DARK ELF CULTIST
Dark Elf Cultists are nimble hunters, utilizing toxins extracted from the subterranean arachnids
to paralyze their prey. Though they retain their minds and much of their bodies, many of them
have lost limbs which the Fleshsmith has replaced with insectoid parts.
   Yet among the Remade, these changes are considered only to be improvements,
enhancing their natural agility and strength.




4
NECRO SERVITOR
Necro Servitors are the most common of the twisted form. The vast majority of the Remade
become this grotesque and reformed being after countless reshaping processes, as their
original genetic blueprint deteriorates over time.
  Though awkward and shambling, Necro Servitors can be turned to all manner of tasks; from
brutal melee, to tunneling, or carrying corpses. They serve their mad queen wordlessly, as if
there were invisible link between them and their master.




                                                                                                5
DARK ELF WARRIOR
Dark Elf Warriors are generally male. Like the cultists, they retain much of their physical bodies
and most, if not all their minds. Yet many are grafted with twisted limbs or physical features
that form natural armor or weapons.




6
NECRO WARRIOR
Necro Warriors, like the servitors, have become so twisted over the years that they have lost
their forms and minds, falling to the bestial intellect of their spliced arachnid genetics. They are
the front-line soldiers of the Broodmother, spilling forth from the dark orifices of subterranean
caverns to attack and kill all they find and carrying it back their queen so that she may feast
upon the bounty of unending flesh.




                                                                                                   7
DRIDER
Driders are the first of the more twisted forms serving the Fleshsmith. Brutally efficient in their
attacks, they are capable warriors and ambushers. They go forth whenever needed, heeding
their mother’s direction, and protecting the Remade from the Broodmother’s attacks.




8
SWOLLEN
The Swollen play a vital role in both the Remade society and in the Broodmother’s hive. They
are most adept at capturing live specimens for their Fleshsmith mistress.
  Driven to stuff themselves full of loose scraps of flesh and tendon, the inner workings of their
bellies twist and tie this foul matter to form great messy nets and webs, which they regurgitate
and layer around the deep tunnels. Their glands also produce copious amounts of digestive
acids which are used in the reshaping process, and which can be spat out at enemies to eat
away at flesh and armor.




                                                                                                     9
FLESHSMITH’S DAUGHTERS
The Fleshsmith’s Daughters are honed assassins. Agile and lithesome predators, they are a
horrifying and unique addition to the Remade ranks.
  Darting through their cavernous domains with terrifying ease, these predatory monstrosities
fell their prey in moments, striking from shadows above with cruel talons before once again
disappearing into the gloom.




10
DARK ELF HIGH PRIESTESS
The Dark Elf High Priestess is the Fleshsmith’s handmaiden. She leads the Remade dark elves
who still retain most of their natural form, assigning them to missions to return to the surface
world and capture flesh material, and directing them in dark rituals of deliverance, where the
bodies of the captured and fallen are brought to the Fleshsmith’s chambers.
   In intimate ceremonies, she too collects the blood of the Fleshsmith, mother to all the
Remade, and brings it to her followers so that they may drink it. In sharing the blood of their
mother, they gain extended agility and dexterity, useful in the fight against the Broodmother’s
servants.




                                                                                              11
FLESHSMITH, THE
The Fleshsmith is both mother and maker of the Remade. Sequestered away deep in her
subterranean surgical theater, she is the twisted artist responsible for grafting together the
horrors at her command.
  Centuries have passed since madness drove her from her place of learning and out into the
wilds. In her eternal quest to perfect her form, she has left in her wake a trail of torment and
death normally reserved for the most vicious of Warlords. The unfortunate folks who are
dragged into her deep lair are laid upon by her tools, and their harvested limbs and organs
are used to shape the next generation of her children.
  However, as any good mother, she loves her creation with a tender fidelity, pained and
saddened whenever one should fall, buy joyful for the opportunity to give them life once
more.




12
FLESHSMITH’S TRIUMVIRATE
The Triumvirate is the finest of the Fleshsmith’s creations. A master of battle, the Triumvirate slays
any foe that dares intrude on his mother’s sacred birthing chambers.
  While much of her Remade are twisted and barely recognizable flesh-things, the Triumvirate
stands out as a unique creation. The Fleshsmith has sought to combine the greatest of warriors
together, generals and lieutenants, their merged minds and additional limbs allow them to
share their strength and combat experience.




                                                                                                   13
THE BROODMOTHER
The Broodmother was once the queen of the Remade but has become irreparably twisted
over countless reshapings. Now nothing more than a prowling monster, she and her swarms
block prey on all, even the Remade. As the old hive queen, the rest of the Necro Spiders
continue to serve her, gravitating towards her through some invisible connection.
  Her swarms are constantly at odds with the surviving Remade, attacking and ambushing
them in darkened subterranean tunnels.




14
