          LAST MEMOIRES OF AZERAI PRIEST




   Something sinister lurks below the seaside town of Saltwich.
The sky darkens, the sea churns, and ancient Evil stirs beneath
the waves.
The siren flame of the lightkeeper lures ships to shatter upon the
jagged reefs.


The desperate shouts of drowning men cry out as fisherfolk drag
them down to the unknowable abyss.
In the squalid streets, tentacled monstrosities shamble forth,
piling corpse upon corpse in their gutting rooms.
To what devious end, one cannot fathom.
Stay away from this place.
Stay away, lest the visions begin to stir.


Do not let it awake.
 Do not let it see.
  What calamitous form.
It is watching.
          A Thousand unblinking eyes
It sees




It sees




                       ~ Unknown Priest of the Azerai faith ~
                                  Deceased.

                                                                     1
T
            he N’Gorroth are a varied underwater society that has existed since long before the dawn of
            man.
            Their sprawling cities once covered the vast depths of Doaden’s deepest oceans, spanning
            the interminable gaps between continents.
              In those dark abyssal places, they constructed grand marble temple cities in worship to
the Deep Ones, ancient gods of unfathomable power.
  Yet now their societies languish, decaying as with the rest of the world.

  The various N’Gorroth species all possess shared genetics, though key distinctions set them apart and
allow them to develop into a wide variety of monsters.
  It is important to note that they are not confined to their watery homes, most possessing some
amphibious capability, or find magical means of sustaining themselves above the waters.

  Though little is known of this strange and ancient species, it can be said with certainty that if the day
comes when their gods fully awaken, this will certainly spell the end of the world of Doaden.




2
FISHERFOLK

Fisherfolk of Saltwich are wary of outsiders, wishing most to be left alone and farm their crops of
luminous blue algae, the staple of the area.
  They share genetics with the N'Gorroth, having been blessed by a Deep One god long ago. Now, they
exhibit physical abnormalities including baldness, narrow heads, bulging eyes, scaly skin, and an intense
fishy body odor.
  As they reach mid-adulthood, many undergo a strange metamorphosis, twisting into a sinister hybrid
form. The process begins with the individual feeling compelled to return to the shores of their ancestral
home.
  After returning, they begin to change, taking on myriad forms depending on their physical and mental
capacities, and the amount of N'Gorroth genetics in their blood.
  Lowly fisherfolk become Stranglers, gaining gills, tentacles, and claws. Physically impressive
specimens grow in form, becoming hulking Shamblers or Trawlers, while the magically gifted become
Abyssal Pastors.




                                                                                                       3
STRANGLER

Stranglers are warped fisherfolk bearing a bizarre resemblance to the writhing cephalopods that hide
under the water's surface. They are able to cast off their human facades and reveal blade-sharp fins,
beaks, powerful tentacles, or a variety of other bizarre mutations, descending upon those who threaten
their solitude, and choking the life from their lungs.




4
N’GORROTH WARRIOR

N’Gorroth Warriors are the most common of the pure-blood species forming this ancient society.
They inhabit long-forgotten sunken cities that hide below Doaden’s abyssal waters. As with all of their
kind, they are servants of the Deep Ones, working fastidiously to carry out their gods’ unknowable wills.
  They often assist the misshapen Saltwich hybrids, adeptly navigating the jagged reefs to drown
shipwrecked sailors and gather the bloated corpses that collect on the rocks.




                                                                                                       5
SHAMBLER

Shamblers are tough and hardy, morphing from the strongest and most rugged sailors and fisherfolk.
Their prodigious strength allows them to effortlessly carry their victims to their fisheries, where they
gutt their bodies and haul them off for disposal in sheltered waters, where bobbing piles of rotting flesh
allow the blue algae to bloom into great agricultural farms.




6
TRAWLERS

Trawlers come from similar stock as the Shamblers, though their mutations are far more advanced,
likely due to higher concentrations of N’Gorroth genetics. They weaponize their old fishing hooks and
nets, dragging in their victims and embracing them with their tentacled faces, showing them a glimpse of
the true horrors that lurk beneath the waves.




                                                                                                      7
ABYSSAL PASTOR

Abyssal Pastors metamorph from those who are gifted in the arcane. Often, they find themselves called
to scholarly activities and exploration before they return to their ancestral shores, gathering knowledge
to share it with the Deep Ones after they complete their change.
  Stinking of Salt and Damp, the Pastors bridge the gap between the common folk of Saltwich and their
ancient deities. Still capable of some level of human speech, they speak the forbidden whispers of their
ancient gods to their attentive congregations.




8
ABYSSAL HIGH PRIEST

Abyssal High Priests are the eldest of the Pastors, having spent many hundreds of years in service to
the Deep Ones, preserved in the cold chilling depths by their strange mutations, becoming ever more
twisted over their preternaturally long lives.
  So twisted are the High Priests that they can no longer speak, their tongueless, vestigial mouths
becoming gaping voids of writhing tentacles. Their blubbery bodies sprout additional brains, the inflated
spongy organs growing throughout their bodies and granting extensive telepathic abilities and the ability
to commune directly with the Deep Ones.
  However, with no tongue nor vocal cords, the High Priests rely on their pastors to convey the meaning
of their slumbering gods’ dreams. He bids the folk of Saltwich to rise, men, women and children all, and
to give praise to the gods of the deep, wailing and praising as the waves lap against their feet. Perhaps if
their prayers are loud enough, the gods will hear them and awaken from their slumber.




                                                                                                           9
N’GORROTH GIANT

N’Gorroth Giants tower above their kin, obliterating their foes with massive barnacled masts torn from
shipwrecks, marble pillars of ancient temples, or anything else that has sunken into their domain beneath
the waves.
  When threatened, they release a creeping toxic black cloud from the gaseous sacs hidden on their
bodies, slowly enveloping their attackers and snuffing out their life.
  Though little is known about the N’Gorroth species, it is suspected that the Giants share genetics of
the Deep Ones, perhaps the twisted offspring of the gods themselves.




10
