1
   To live is to suffer. To suffer is to live. One must accept the tortures of this world if they
are ever to find peace. To surrender to anguish is to accept divine purpose. This is the path of
true Enlightenment.

    These are the tenets of Enlightened Suffering. Seekers of this path make the great
pilgrimage, traveling across the globe to the arid sands of Akhamia, to seek Lord Balazar in
his court of courts, and beseech his blessing. Each seeker on the enlightened path seeks to
fully surrender to their suffering, to delight in the divine torments of their existence. And to
those who prove themselves worthy, Lord Balazar gives a gift like none other, a state of
rapturous joy and agony. An elevation of the body, the mind, and the soul. The seeker’s skin
is flayed so that their raw flesh may seer in constant pain. Their minds are subject to never-
ending torments and regrets. Their very souls are torn apart so that they may be born anew in
suffering.

In this adventure, the warbands must visit Lord Balazar and acquire a relic held in his vast
library of ancient artifacts and lost knowledge. Balazar is willing to part with it, but first
demands entertainment for his own twisted pleasure. To gain his favor, the warbands must
endure a sadistic game; a test of the body, mind, and soul, a taste of the path of enlightened
suffering that he offers.




The first test is of the body. The warband/s must duel with several of Balazar’s favourite
gladiators, to the death. Only those strong of body will survive. As the dead fall, a strange
phenomenon occurs. Their blood and vital essence are sucked into a mysterious golden globe
that floats, rotating slowly in the air at the center of the court.




After the warband survives the gladiatorial match, Balazar calls forth a strange demon, the
Keeper of Secrets. The Keeper uses a crystal key to open a magic portal in the golden orb.
For their next challenge, the test of the mind, the party must enter the portal, traveling to the
Observatorium, a dimension where ancient scholars once studied the galaxy. Here, the party
must solve a series of puzzles concerning astronomy, alchemy, and religion.


If the warband succeeds, Balazar will have one final test, the test of soul. This challenge is
simple. Balazar demands that they kill the court jester, Bouffon, a good-hearted fool who
helps the party along during the scenario. Regardless of what the warband does, whether they
slay or spare him, they will have proven themselves worthy and delighted Balazar. He shall
grant them the item as promised.

                                                2
                               FORBIDDEN PSALM:




INTRO PAGE
        Welcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted lands and twisted monsters,
where an ever-creeping affliction corrodes the very essence of existence. It is a world of
decay and depravity where once- righteous men and heroes of glorious purpose now struggle
to survive as cults and dark gods vie with one another to consume the last vestiges of
humanity.
        In Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted lands of Doaden you will find
• Three scenarios created for the fantastic monsters from Bestiarum Miniatures.
• Rules for monsters
        These scenarios should be played in order.
       You will need a copy of the Forbidden Psalm Core Book to play.
       The North is a sparsely populated region historically inhabited by nomadic tribes. The
people are animistic, believing in nature spirits that are contrary to the beliefs of the Church
of Azerai. However, their warriors are fierce, and the region is too craggy and cold to grow
much crop or livestock.
       A military campaign of the magnitude needed to conquer the north would be costly,
arduous, and offer little return. For these reasons, the North maintains independence from the
Empire, the Church finding little benefit in extending its reach into such inhospitable lands.




    Akhamia is a vast expanse of sandy desert and parched earth lying across the Misted Sea
to the southeast of the Holy Empire. Life is sparse and the lands are arid, but grand cities
prosper on the fertile banks of several heart rivers that cut through the region. Culture here is
ancient, predating the Holy Empire by many thousands of years. The cities are filled with
beauty, art, literature, science, music, theater, and dance. Their religion is one of logic,
wisdom, and knowledge. Akhamians seek the expansion of mind and study philosophy and
ideology above all else.
    Akhamians are gifted at magic, and much to the derision of the dogmatic Holy Empire,
treat demons as another natural resource in their quest for arcane power, the same as food or
water, iron, or clay. They consort openly with the otherworld, conducting rituals to entrap,
barter with, or forge allegiances with demons in exchange for knowledge and power. To the
Akhamians, this is a question of logic and of strategic use of resources. To the Empire, this is
blasphemy of the highest magnitude.

   The Holy Empire maintains a foothold in north Akhamia, occupying several port towns
and extending their military might inland to the city of Ir Khalem, the Jeweled City, situated
on the banks of a lush oasis in the Valley of the Sun. The Empire reveres this grand temple

                                                3
city, believing it was the birthplace of the God Emperor himself. Azerai scholars and
archeologists excavate, and study records preserved here to document the God Emperor’s
early years. Yet this occupation causes much strife with the Akhamians, as the ancient city is
both a cultural mecca and holds bountiful natural resources in an otherwise scarce land.



   The city of Ashurr is located in central Akhamia. It is a thriving metropolis filled with
wonders; grand bazaars, libraries, hanging gardens, exotic markets, crystal fountains, vibrant
harems, and much more. The Tiridus river’s blue-green waters flow along its outer banks.
Reed-bound boats bob along the river’s surface, flowing into the city, bearing goods from
afar. Canals and aqueducts bringing water to sprawling districts of sun-soaked clay buildings.
The streets are lined with green foliage, trees, and shrubs. Yet of all the wonders, two stand
out above the rest.
                        Balazar’s palace is a gleaming sight. Its outer walls shine with stunning
blue lapis lazuli and bright veins of gold. Idols and statues line the halls and magnificent
tapestries drape every wall. The floors are lain in vibrant mosaic patterns. Fountains gush
with crystalline water that flows into fruiting gardens. Tables are laden with exotic fruits and
roasted meats, and the halls ring with dulcet tones of harps and the rapturous cries of orgies.
                    An enormous ziggurat towers over the city, where Akhamians come to
worship. It is the holiest of places for those on the path of enlightened suffering, and no
outsiders are allowed inside. The only one who know what lies inside are the very exalted
few who are chosen by Balazar himself.


   The demon prince Balazar signifies gluttony and depravity. But he is also a collector of
knowledge and all things, from artifacts to treasures, or spells and incantations. He rules from
his high court in the city Ashurr. From this gilded throne, Balazar accumulates all manner of
luxury, wealth, and pleasures. Many come from far and wide to suckle on the bounties of
food, wine, art, exotics, and carnal riches that can be found within his flourishing kingdom.
So plentiful are all forms of pleasures and comforts in Balazar’s kingdom that it is said those
who wander there are more likely to die from a burst belly than to starve, more likely to find
their pockets full of gold than silver, and more likely to share a bed with two lovers than
none.


   Balazar’s gates are open to all seekers of the Enlightened Suffering, offering to those true
of heart a bounty of the flesh and spirit, excessive pleasures, esoteric knowledge, and riches
beyond imagination. Yet all those gifts pale in comparison to the most delicious sensations of
suffering. Inside his inner court, Balazar’s chosen, the exalted, are served by flayed slaves,
indulging in every sadistic desire and sweet masochism that crosses their mind.
   Lustful orgies, sickening displays of bloodshed and mutilation, depraved acts of rape,
murder, and torture. The enlightened delight both in the viewing of such acts, and in the
fulfilment of such acts upon themselves. To those who do not understand the path of
suffering, the sights within are a hellish contradiction of beauty and depravity. To those who
truly understand, these are all are one and the same, two facets of the same coin, a both a
divine heaven and hell on earth.


These scenarios should be played in solo or coop only.


                                                4
5
                                      SCENARIO 1:



You have come to the land of Akhamia, far to the south of the Holy Empire. Your journey has
been arduous; a month by galleon across the treacherous Misted Sea, before a long three-
week trek through sweltering sun and shifting sand dunes, from the port city of Vey to the city
of Ashurr, the City of Wonder, and domain of Lord Balazar.
    Ashurr rises from the sand like a glittering treasure, filled with sun-soaked clay structures.
Its streets are lined with lush trees, from which budding figs and dates hang in abundance.
Balazar’s palace climbs over the city, its glazed mosaic walls shining with blue lapis lazuli
and cut with veins of gold. Making your way to the marvel, you see the famed ziggurat in the
distance, a massive pyramidal structure casting a shadow over half the city, and behind it,
the glittering waters of the Tiridus river.
    You pass through the bazar district, bustling with traders in colorful stalls, exhibiting fine
silks garments, lush fruits, exotic animals in iron cages, oiled slaves, and much more. The
smells of roasted meats and strange spices fill the air and the sounds of haggling echoes
throughout. Merchants and customers bicker in a handful of conflicting tongues, before
relinquishing pouches heavy with gold. As you leave the district, you come to the grand
marble staircase that ascends to Balazar’s palace.
   Climbing the stair, you come to the grand palace, its great golden doors open freely to the
public. You step into a cavernous welcoming hall, finding the floor lined with magnificent
gold trim rugs. It takes a moment for your eyes to adjust to the darkened interior and the thin
veil mist of smokey incense that hangs inside. A dark-skinned servant bows to you, his toned
body shimmering with a fine layer of oil, the contours of his muscles accentuated by a simple,
neat loincloth he wears around his waist. He speaks with a deep and heavy accent.
   “The master welcomes you.”


Goal
Kill all challengers.


Reward
Surviving warband members gain 1 random weapon each.


Setup and Treasure
The board should be setup as shown in map 1. It is 20inches by 25 inches.
A1= This is the throne on which Balazar sits and watches. If he is ever hit, he becomes
hostile to all. Killing him ends the adventure.

                                                6
A2 = place the Mysterious Orb. Any model that is downed within 12 inches of the orb must
make a death save immediately against DR10.


Deployment
All models should be placed within 12 inches of the Mysterious Orb


Threats
In Round 1 spawn the following on a random board edge
   2x Cabal Mage, 1x Exalted Spear and 1x Cabal Assassin per warband.
When they are all slain at the start of the next round spawn on a random board edge
   2x Exalted Spear, 1x Cabal Assassin and 1x Lamashtu per warband
When they are all slain at the start of the next round spawn on a random board edge
   2x Gladiator Sentinel, 1x General Atraxes and 1x Gladiator Sentinel, per warband


Solo Play
As Above


The Scenario ends when all three rounds of enemies are slain.


RPG text box
When all challengers are slain read
Balazar beckons a demon by his side, a regal figure draped in stitched leather skins and
wearing a cylindrical hat. The demon reaches into the folds of its cloak, drawing forth a
crystal key. It walks to the golden orb, inserting the key and stepping back as the orb begins
to spin violently, turning to a molten red blur. A vortex of blood swirls around it, sucked in by
the centrifugal force. The orb suddenly vanishes, replaced by a thrumming portal.




                                                7
Map 1




  8
                                     SCENARIO 2



   Stepping through the portal, you are torn from your reality. You spiral through a vortex of
stars and galaxies as a multitude of dimensions passes behind, an infinite number of realities
both material and ethereal. Your stomach tightens and a sharp pain pierces your head when
suddenly you find yourself in a cozy, domed study lit by strange, flameless torches. Below
glass paneled windows you see bookshelf-packed walls and rays of blue starlight.
   In front of you is a podium with a parchment note and an hourglass that has just begun to
run. Past that are three awkwardly empty stone pedestals, as if something should be
displayed on top. Around you are various tables laden with alchemical equipment and
devices, and nooks with sofas, tables, and books. In one corner, you see a large brass
contraption, as tall as the room.


Goal
Solve all the puzzles within 6 rounds!


Reward
When a model solves a puzzle that model gains 1 presence.


Setup and Treasure
Set up the table as in map 2. There are 6 puzzles to solve. Only 1 model can attempt to solve
a puzzle per round. That model must be within 1 inch of the puzzle and as an action attempt
to solve it.
Puzzle B1: The statues
Puzzle B1 can only be attempted once Puzzles B2, B3 , B5 are solved.
   A podium with a note and an hourglass, Behind the podium are three empty pedestals.
From left to right, an inscription is written on each as follows.
  Left. “The virtuous ______, who sleeps with her lover.”
  Middle. “The nurturing ______, who poisons her child.”
  Right. “The wise old ______, who leads us astray.”
   Before this can be attempted the three statues must be found and placed on the empty
spots {models place the statues they are holding by spending 1 action to place them} The
mother, maiden, and crone statues. These are unlocked for completing the other 3 puzzles
present.

                                              9
   Write on three pieces of paper the following Maiden, Mother and Crone. Fold the paper
shuffle them and place them, one in front of each statue. A model within 1 inch of a statue
can look at one piece of paper by making a successful presence test. Then the player making
the attempt to solve it can take all pieces of paper {and without looking at what is written on
the other 2} place them in front of the statue they think is correct. After this the player should
check the paper, if the Maiden is in front of the left statue, Mother in the middle and Crone
on the right statue the puzzle is solved. If any other configuration is shown, the model that
made the attempt must roll on the calamity table in the core rule book. Then all piece of paper
should be refolded and reshuffled before being replace in front of each statue, so that the test
can be retaken.


B2: The Alchemy Puzzle
A model within 1 inch of this puzzle {should be represented by a table} can make a presence
test to discern what alchemy substance they need to make at the table. On a success they can
attempt to solve the puzzle. The player is aiming to make an alchemy solution by mixing
elements.
   Elements are represented by dice.
   Sulphur D4
   Salt D6
   Mercury D8
   Players roll a D20 and the resulting number is the solution they are trying to make.
   They then can select any number of dice to roll to try and hit that number, such as rolling
2D4 {to parts sulphur} 1D6 {1 part salt}, etc. Once they have rolled the dice they should note
what numbers they have rolled. Players then must hit the target number by either adding or
subtracting the dice results from each other. So for example if they roll a D20 and get a result
of a 10, they then decide how many dice to roll. In this example the player rolls 2D8 and
1D6. They roll a 5 a 7 and a 2. So they minus the 2 from the 7, leaving two 5s that they add
together to achieve the result of a 10. Once the player rolls the dice they have selected they
have 10 seconds to declare their means to achieve the target number. If they fail to do it in the
time they fail the puzzle.
   If the player succeeds, they gain the mother statue for B1 puzzle
  If they fail to hit the number after 10 seconds of deliberation or fail the presence test the
model must roll on the injury table in the core rules.


B3: The stars
A model within 1 inch of this puzzle {Should be represented by a spyglass of some kind} can
attempt a presence test. On a pass they may attempt to solve the puzzle. Players should be
given hand out 1 and are allowed to look at it for 10 seconds. They are then given hand out 2
and can try and draw from memory the constellation within 1 minute. If they miss any stars

                                               10
off the constellations or misdraw them the model must roll on the injury table in the core
rules. On a success they are given the crone statue.
  B4: Meaning of life.
    This table contains a book that a model must make a presence test on to learn the answer
to the riddle in B5. On a failure the model suffers -1 to presence.
  B5: The Riddle
  On the floor sits a dead crusader that can be looted as per the treasure rules.
   Here is a riddle that must be solved. The riddle is what is the meaning of life. When a
model is within 1 inch of the crusader they can make as an action a presence test. On a pass
they say the number 42. On a failure they say another number and take 1D10 damage. If the
model has read the books in B4 they auto pass this test. They are given the Crone statue for
passing this test.
  B6: Deploy all models within 1 inch of the orb.


Deployment
All warbands should be placed in B6.


The Scenario ends when all puzzles are solved or at the end of round 6. If the puzzles
remain unsolved at round 6 one warband member is lost forever and the scenario must be
reattempted!




                                            Map 2


                                              11
                                      SCENARIO 3



   Balazar grins widely, his fatty cheeks pulling back into a smirk, revealing rows of
sharpened teeth. He raises a pudgy hand, pointing his finger at Bouffon, who hops gently
from one foot to the other humming and smiling at you.
   “Kill him. Show me the conviction in your soul.”
   The hunchback falls to his knees, trembling. Tears and snot stream down his astonished
face as he cries out in fear.
   “But Master! But Bouffon loves Master!”


Goal
Kill or spare the Jester.


Setup and Treasure
  This scenario requires no board and is a simple choice for each warband. Warbands should
make their choice before reading onwards. Stop reading at this point and each participating
warband makes a choice if they would kill or spare the jester.




If the warband refuses to kill Bouffon, Balazar will applaud them for having the courage to
defy him, and for potentially sacrificing their mission to spare an innocent life. Their souls
are noble, though perhaps naïve. Balazar should warn them that in this world, those of pure
heart rarely survive. The warband gain 10XP, 10 Gold and 1 random relic.


If the party kills Bouffon, Balazar will applaud them for having the conviction to follow
through their circumstances at all costs. Balazar should advise them that it is only the strong
of will that are able to make the decisions necessary to survive in this world. Each Warband
member can improve one ability by 1.




                                               12
All monsters in Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted Lands of Doaden treat other monsters as friendly.




  HP: 18
  Morale: -
  Staff 1D4
  Armor:1
  Special: If not in combat the Cabal Mage targets one other monster within 12 inches and
  makes them immune to all damage. If the mage is killed this effect ceases.




  HP: 13
  Morale: -
  Short bow 1D6/ Dagger 1D4
  Armor:1
  Special: Does not move towards models. If not within 1 inch uses shortbow to make a ranged
  attack. If within 1 inch uses dagger. All attacks vs the Exalted Archer are made at -3.




  HP: 13
  Morale: -
  Spear 1D6
  Armor:1
  Special: if a model fails to hit the Exalted Spear they take 2 damage.




  HP: 20
  Morale:12


                                                13
Great sword 1D12
Armor: 2
Special: Makes attacks against all models within 1 inch. Each model can attack back.




HP: 21
Morale:12
War Pick 1D8
Armor: 2
Special: Gains +3 to all attacks.




HP: 12
Morale: -
Dagger 1D4
Armor: 2
Special: If a model is hit by the assassin they must make a toughness test, on a failure they
are poisoned and until cured {or end of scenario} can only make a move or take an action,
not both.




HP: 25
Morale: -
Great axe 1D12
Armor: 2
Special: If a model is hit by the assassin they must make a toughness test, on a failure they
are poisoned and until cured {or end of scenario} can only make a move or take an action,
not both.




HP: 27

                                               14
Morale: -
Scimitar 1D8
Armor: 1
Special: If a model has taken any damage the Lamashtu auto hits them, do not roll for them to
hit.




                                             15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
