1
                                    Adventure Summary:

                    Under Cover of Darkness
   High Lord Azriel is the named protector of the Holy Empire, the ultimate commander of the Penitent
Crusade, and the supreme leader of all standing armies in the realm. He is a mighty warrior, pouncing
from the skies on his armored sphinx and obliterating foes with his great warhammer. Yet he is also a
brilliant strategist, politician, and logistician, a master of war in all respects.
   Azriel’s great force lays siege in the north to the heavily fortified city of Stürmenburg. War has not
begun, but for the next several months Azriel prepares to surround the great walled city, making a show
of force while undertaking intense negotiations that will likely determine the future of the Holy Empire in
the region; whether war can be prevented or whether it is a certainty is yet to be seen.
   Though the war has not yet begun, a general must not be complacent, for a second war is waged in
the shadows long before any armed conflict begins. This is a war of spies and assassins, subterfuge and
stealth, political intrigue, hidden blades, poisoned goblets, and the coup d’état.


    The warbands must infiltrate Azriel’s military encampment. Using a combination of stealth, trickery,
guile, and strength, they must make it to the heart of the camp and back out again with a precious item.
If they are not careful, the entire camp may be alerted, and they will have to retreat with haste, driving a
machine of steel and wheels to outrun their pursuers.




                                                      2
                                         Forbidden Psalm:

                       The Tainted Lands of Doaden
Intro page
   Welcome to Doaden, the dark fantasy setting of tainted lands and twisted monsters, where an ev-
er-creeping affliction corrodes the very essence of existence. It is a world of decay and depravity where
once- righteous men and heroes of glorious purpose now struggle to survive as cults and dark gods vie
with one another to consume the last vestiges of humanity.
   In Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted lands of Doaden you will find
• Three scenarios created for the fantastic monsters from Bestiarum miniatures.
• Rules for monsters
These scenarios should be played in order.
You will need a copy of the Forbidden Psalm Core Book to play.
   The North is a sparsely populated region historically inhabited by nomadic tribes. The people are an-
imistic, believing in nature spirits that are contrary to the beliefs of the Church of Azerai. However, their
warriors are fierce, and the region is too craggy and cold to grow much crop or livestock.
    A military campaign of the magnitude needed to conquer the north would be costly, arduous, and offer
little return. For these reasons, the North maintains independence from the Empire, the Church finding
little benefit in extending its reach into such inhospitable lands.




                     These scenarios should be played in solo or coop only.

                                                      3
4
                                            SCENARIO 1:


                        Infiltrating The Camp
  You have been sent to retrieve The Standard from the encampment, try not to get caught and if you do
maybe don’t tell them who sent you.


   Goal
   Sneak in and steal the Standard.


   Reward
   If you manage to get to the Standard and sneak it away without being caught you gain 10xp for the
party. If you get it and get away but alert the guards gain 5xp.


   Setup and Treasure
   The board should be setup as shown in map 1. It is 44inches by 40 inches. Models can leave the table
via any board edge.
   A1= North Gate. Can be climbed over with a successful agility test. 1x Bastion and 2x Husks should
be placed inside the gate.
   A2 = Stone Passage, where warbands should be placed
   A3 = Northside Barracks, 6 tents should be placed here, they can be searched as per treasure rules.
1x Bastion, 2x Husk, and 1x Quickblade should be placed within 1 inch of the tents
  A4 = Commander’s Tent contains 2 chests that can be searched as per treasure rules. 1x Husk and 1x
Knight Redeemer should be placed within 1 inch of the tent.
   A5 = Camp Checkpoint, walls here can be climbed with a successful agility test. 2 x Bastions guard
the doorway.
   A6 = Southside Barracks, Five tents form a corridor on the south side of the camp, these can be
searched as per treasure rules. 1x Bastion, 1x Husk and 1x Quickblade patrol near these tents.
   A7 = Fallen Tree An enormous fallen tree has crashed into the camp, destroying a section of the wall,
3x Husks guard the gate way
   A8 = Standard Yard, The Standard the party is looking for is set near the camp’s main path, besides an
enormous red tent. 2x Husks patrol this area.
  The standard can be removed by a model within 1 inch that makes a presence test. On a failure all ene-
my models are alerted and begin to move towards the standard yard at the start of their next activation.
   A9 = Horse Pen, nothing of note here.
   A10 = South Gate Can be climbed over with a successful agility test. 1x Bastion and 2x Husks should
be placed inside the gate.
   o = oil barrels that can be attacked. If they take 3 damage, they explode. They draw attention of guards
within 12 inches. Guards as an action move towards exploded barrels at the start of their next activation.
Any model with 3 inches of a barrel when it explodes takes 3 damage that ignores armor.

                                                     5
   B = Braziers that start unignited, a model within 1 inch as an action can light the brazier. Any guard
within 12 inches will turn to face the brazier when it is alighted at the start of their next activation.


   Enemies
   All Enemies have 180 vision and when deployed their front arc should be noted. If a model ever moves
within 3 inches of an enemy in their front arc they are spotted, and the enemies become hostile to them.
  Any enemies within 12 inches of a combat make a Presence test. On a pass they move towards the
combat as per monster movement rules at the start of their next activation.
  Models moving within 3 inches of an enemy within their back arc must make an agility test to pass
unheard. If they fail the enemy turns to face them.
   All Hostiles currently not activated by spotting a warband member move 1d6 spaces in a random di-
rection, avoiding terrain when activated.
   Warband members can approach an enemy from behind by first passing an agility test. On a pass they
can sneak up to them and make a single attack. If the attack is a success they knock the enemy out and the
enemy is placed face down.
   If an enemy model walks within 3 inches of a dead or downed enemy model they sound the alarm and
the enemy model’s awareness range increases from 3 inches to 6 inches.


   Solo Play
   As Above


   The Scenario ends when the warbands leave the table with the standard.




                                                     6
                                            SCENARIO 2:

                                              Escape
             ( only play this scenario if any enemies were alerted in scenario 1.)


   Even though the alarms were set off, you somehow managed to escape from the encampment and reach
the safety of the Armored Transport waiting for you.
   Yet, as you board the vehicle, the ground begins to tremble at the sight of crusaders mounted on black
armored steeds coming in your direction. The Husks ignite the vehicle engines as it burst through the
shaded woods. But the cavalry won’t give up so easily, staying hot on the transport’s heels alongside a
sudden, massive shadow of a flying lion-like creature that surges above the trees and descends on you.


   Goal
   Escape


   Reward
   Warbands that escape earn 10 gold


   Setup and Treasure
   The map should be represented by a long road as in Map B.
   Using the rules for the bonus scenario in the core book {living life quarter a mile at a time} you are
trying to flee from enemy cavalry. {These rules are reproduced here for your ease of use}
  Place the wagon at the start of the road. To escape you must either kill all enemies chasing you or
make it 20 inches away from all enemies.
   Warbands all should be placed in the 1 wagon.


   Threats
    1x High Lord Azriel and 2x Repentor Cavalry per warband in the wagon are chasing the wagon. They
move a flat 12 inches a round and focus their attacks on the wagon. However, they will attack back any
model within 1 inch of them if attacked. If the wagon ever drops to 0HP the scenario is lost and all war-
band members are caught and are placed in the horse pens in scenario 1. You can then replay scenario 1 as
a prison escape. With warbands deployed in the horse pen with no equipment. Their equipment is placed
in the Commander’s Tent and they must escape via a board edge. Enemies can attack the wagon when
within 2 inches.




                                                     7
8
9
10
11
                                     Monsters

 All monsters in Forbidden Psalm: The Tainted Lands of Doaden treat other monsters as friendly.


HUSKS
 HP: 10
 Morale: -
 Spear 1D6
 Armor:1
 Special: Immune to morale


BASTION
 HP: 13
 Morale: -
 Spear 1D6
 Armor:2
 Special: Ignore critical hits.


QUICKBLADE
 HP: 15
 Morale: -
 Dagger 1D4
 Armor:1
 Special: When attacking makes 2 attacks that are only opposed by 1 attack.
 Roll 2d20 and apply both results.


REPENTOR CAVALRY
 HP: 25
 Morale: -
 Greatsword 1D10
 Armor: 2
 Special: Can move over other models, if they do they deal 1D10 damage to that model



                                                12
KNIGHT REDEEMER
 HP: 22
 Morale:12
 Great sword 1D12
 Armor: 2
 Special: All other monsters within 12 inches of Knight deal an extra 3 damage on attacks.


HIGH KORD AZRIEL
 HP: 35
 Morale:-
 Warhammer 1D12x2
 Armor: 2
 Special: Blinding light.
 All models within 3 inches must make presence test in order to attack High Lord Azriel.




                                                 13
14
15
16
17
18
19
