  “The path to redemption is a treacherous journey walked alone,
     each step resonating with the sorrow of a thousand sins."




                                                   CREDITS
Writer/Designer: Alexander H. Dovermann                             Layout & Photography: Marcus Harland

Art Direction: Alexei Popovici                                      Produced by: Bestiarum Games

Graphic Design: Iustinian Iacomachi                                 Additional imagery produced using AI.



Ownership and Copyright
This product is compliant with the Open Game License and is suitable for use with the 5th Edition rules system.
Product Identity: The following items are hereby identified as Product Identity, as defined in the Open Game License version
1.0a, Section 1(e) and are not Open Content:

All trademarks, registered trademarks, proper names (characters, deities, etc.) dialogue, plots, storylines, locations, characters,
illustrations, and trade dress. (Elements that have previously been designated as Open Game Content or are in the public
domain are included in this declaration.)

Open Content: Except for material designated as Product Identity (see above), the game mechanics of this game product are
Open Game Content, as defined in the Open Game License version 1.0a Section 1(d). No portion of this work other than the
material designated as Open Game Content may be reproduced in any form without written permission.

Whispers of Torment: A Tormentor Cults Adventure © 2024 Bestiarum Studio LLC
Return of the Jailer: A Tormentor Cults Adventure © 2024 Bestiarum Studio LLC
Tormentor Cults: Faction Guide © 2024 Bestiarum Studio LLC

Reference to copyright material in no way constitutes a challenge to the respective copyright holder of that material. Bestiarum
Games, Bestiarum Miniatures, Tormentor Cults, the Tormentor Cults Logo, and the Bestiarum Logo are trademarks of
Bestiarum Studio LLC
                                       FOREWORD
                 elcome dear adventurer! This           Adventure Difficulty


    W
                 horrifying 5e module, Whispers of
                                                        The encounters in this module scale in difficulty
                 Torment, takes the party on a
                                                        based on the party’s Average Party Level (APL). To
                 terrifying journey through the cult-
                                                        find the correct difficulty, determine your party’s
                 infested St. Pyotr’s Sanitorium.
                                                        APL and use the correlating difficulty level on the
                 Before the cult’s arrival, the
                                                        following table for each designed encounter.
caretakers of this place harbored many dark
secrets of their own, conducting deranged
experiments on their subjects in the name of
medical research. As the party fights through the
halls of this forsaken place, they will bear witness
to its great atrocities, both old and new. Secret
laboratories are filled with discarded corpses of
the sanitorium’s subjects, while the halls crawl
with cultists and eldritch abominations brought
forth from the sinister realm of their dark lord.
    The entire facility is under the influence of the
cult’s dark ritual magics, which are drawing the
prison realm into reality, a twisting nightmare no      *If the encounters are too easy for your party, you
mortal was meant to see. The party must race            can adjust the difficulty by adding a few more
against time as their sanity wanes, defeating the       enemies! Doing so is useful if your party has more
cult before time runs out. Will they manage to          than 5 players, is on the higher level of the APL
escape the horrific sanitorium alive, or will they      range, or highly skilled.
become the next victims of the Tormentor Cults?
                                                        The Path of Penitence
                                                        This short scenario can be run as a one-shot
                                                        adventure or built into a longer campaign using
                                                        Bestiarum’s Path of Penitence (PoP) system. The
                                                        PoP system brings the dark world of Doaden to
                                                        life, creating a persistent world for your party to
                                                        explore and providing the tools to string together
                                                        all Bestiarum’s adventure modules into one
                                                        satisfying campaign. You can join the Crusade and
                                                        learn more about the campaign system here:
                                                        https://www.bestiarumgames.com/




2                                             Whispers of Torment
                                  INTRODUCTION
                 aint Pyotr’s Sanitorium, once a         The Tormentor Cults. The sanitorium was overrun



      S
                 respected institution dedicated to      a few months ago by a devious group of cultists,
                 the advancement of medicine and         the Tormentor Cults. They worship the Prison
                 the treatment of the infirm, now        Lord, a malevolent entity from beyond our reality
                 lies desecrated, overtaken by the       that feasts on anguish and torment. These cultists,
                 vile Tormentor Cults. Set a few         drawn to sites of atrocious inhumanity like moths
days journey from the nearest township, this             to flame, use the psychic energies of torturous
isolated place stands outwardly as a testament to        suffering to fuel their rituals, seeking to open
the altruistic practice of medicine, though this         gates to their master’s realm. The cult has
façade hides the darker dealings of its caretakers       overtaken the sanitorium and are torturing the
who conducted secret and tortuous experiments            priests and surviving patients, culling their lives in
on their patients.                                       service of this dark goal.
    A few months ago, a group of cultists, drawn
by the suffering of this place, invaded the
sanitorium and are performing a dark ritual that
threatens to merge their eldritch realm with our
reality. The party’s task is daunting: infiltrate the
sanitorium, disrupt the ritual, and restore order
before the cult’s influence irrevocably alters the
fabric of existence.

Adventure Background
The following information is for the GM to
understand the adventure. The party should not
know this information beforehand.

Sanitorium's Past. The sanitorium is dedicated to
St. Pyotr, a renowned healer whose skills seemed
touched by divinity. The facility, however, houses
a dark secret. Under the stewardship of head
priest Ignatius, the priests running the institution
conducted dark experiments on their subjects,
using the facilities as a macabre laboratory for
their medical experiments. Ignatius, obsessed with
understanding the inherent corruption in mortal
beings, sanctioned horrific experiments—breaking
the minds of his subjects and dissecting their still-
living bodies to uncover the dark secrets coursing
through their veins. The evidence of these
                                                                        St. Pyotr’s Sanitorium
atrocities can still be found in hidden laboratories
and chambers in the building.

                                              Whispers of Torment                                            3
Madness Rolls. The Prison Realm has begun to
bleed into the sanitorium already, causing horrific
visions and effects on those who intrude. Hallways
stretch into impossible geometries, shadows
flicker with spectral forms, and the air is thick with
the screams of the damned. At certain points of
the story, the party will make a Madness Roll after
being exposed to a particularly horrific sight or
phenomenon. In these cases, ask all party
members to make a DC10 Wisdom saving throw,
and on a failure, have them roll once on the
following Long-Term Madness table.




4                                             Whispers of Torment
                                                       Opening Script
Adventure Hooks
                                                       To start the adventure read this script.
Use one of the following adventure hooks to begin
this scenario or create your own.

•   Lost Refuge. While lost in the dense woods
    nearby, the party stumbles upon the
    sanitorium. Seeking shelter from an
    impending storm, they soon realize that the
    true danger lies within the walls of this
    forsaken asylum.

•   A Cry for Help. The party encounters a
    survivor from the sanitorium, a gibbering
    madman who speaks in riddles and
    prophecies. His tales of horror and whispers of
    madness lead the adventurers to the
    threshold of the institution.

•   Path of Penitence. Sent by the Penitent
    Crusade, the party is tasked with investigating
    a surge of dark energy emanating from the
    sanitorium. This mission ties directly into the
    Path of Penitence campaign system.




                                            Whispers of Torment                                   5
6   Whispers of Torment
                                      ADVENTURE
                he party begins on the front steps      A2) Vestibule


     T
                of the sanitorium. They must
                                                        The first room is the vestibule, at the center of
                navigate the building and foil the
                                                        which stands a statue of Saint Pyotr, the
                cult’s ritual, uncovering the
                                                        namesake of the sanitorium. If the party inspects
                institution’s dark past as they
                                                        the placard, read this script.
                explore. The sanitorium is split into
three levels as shown on the included map. Level
A is the ground floor. Level B is the upper floor.
Level C is the underground dungeons.




                                                        History Check. After inspecting the statute, the
                                                        party may make an Intelligence (History) check to
                                                        see if they know anything else about St. Pyotr. The
                                                        character that performs the check knows all the
                                                        information on the following History Check table
Level A (Ground Floor)                                  which they roll high enough to unveil.
The following areas correspond to level A, the
ground floor. The party starts in area A1. outside
of the sanatorium main entrance.

A1) Main Entrance
A short stairway ascends the building’s main
entrance. The door is unlocked. When the party
enters, read this script.




                                             Whispers of Torment                                            7
8   Whispers of Torment
A3) Main Hallway                                        Investigation Check. Ask the party to make a DC
                                                        10 Intelligence (Investigation) check. On a success,
This hallway serves as the central artery of the
                                                        they can tell from some moldy bread and rotten
ground floor, connecting rooms A2, A4, and A8, as
                                                        fruit that the food is a few months old. It appears
well as leading to the outside cloister garden at
                                                        the sanitorium’s life was suddenly interrupted
A7. Read this script as the party enters.
                                                        around that time.

                                                        A5) Pantry
                                                        The pantry is a compact room tucked away behind
                                                        the dining hall. Many of the food supplies stored
                                                        here have spoiled or been consumed by pests.
                                                        Amidst the clutter, a narrow staircase descends
                                                        into the darkness, leading to area C1, the
                                                        undercroft.

                                                        Perception Check. Ask the party to make a
                                                        Wisdom (Perception) check to search for useful
A4) Dining Room                                         items amidst the abandoned supplies. They find all
                                                        items on the following Perception Check table
The dining room lies in quiet decay. Long tables        which they roll high enough for.
stretch the length of the hall, each set with plates
and cutlery, the remnants of meals long since
abandoned. Over time, the food has rotted away,
leaving only desiccated scraps and the pungent
odor of decay. Read this script as the party enters.




                                             Whispers of Torment                                           9
A6) Kitchen                                           Madness Roll. The sight of the rats eating the
                                                      priest has disturbed the party’s sanity. Ask the
The kitchen is a chaotic mess. Pots and pans are
                                                      party to make a Madness Roll (DC 10 Wisdom
strewn about. Utensils litter the floor, and broken
                                                      saving throw) and refer to the Introduction
crockery is scattered across the stained tiles. One
                                                      section for the results.
of the priests was working here when the cults
slaughtered him and left his corpse behind. Read
                                                      Investigation Check. The party can investigate the
this script as the party enters.
                                                      body for clues. If they succeed on a DC 10
                                                      Intelligence (Investigation) check, they find several
                                                      deep slash wounds on the body, as if cut by a
                                                      bladed weapon. A slash across his throat is the
                                                      likely cause of death.




10                                          Whispers of Torment
A7) The Cloister Garden                                  Trapdoor. There is a locked trapdoor in the
                                                         garden, which descends to area C2, the Body
The outdoor garden was once a calming area, but
                                                         Disposal Pit. A staircase behind the door leads
it has fallen into disrepair since the cult took over
                                                         down a small shaft, which the caretakers used as a
and is overgrown from neglect. Read this script as
                                                         maintenance shaft to remove bodies from the pit.
the party enters the area.
                                                         The pit hasn’t been emptied in many months and
                                                         is full of mutilated corpses, evidence of the
                                                         priests’ horrific research projects. Like the rest of
                                                         the locked doors throughout the sanitorium, the
                                                         trapdoor can be opened with a DC 15 Dexterity
                                                         (Sleight of Hands) check using thieves’ tools.
                                                         Otherwise, it can be unlocked with the Keyring
                                                         found on Father Ignatius’s body in area B7.




Encounter. The following enemies are present
here patrolling the courtyard. They should attack
the party on sight.




                                              Whispers of Torment                                          11
12   Whispers of Torment
A8) Cult Chapel                                         Final Encounter
                                                        The chapel, once the heart of the sanitorium, has
The chapel was a place of worship where the             been transformed into a nexus for the cult’s dark
caretakers would gather each day for prayer and
                                                        ritual. Inside, the Herald of Agony has been
to indoctrinate their subjects for hours with holy
                                                        opening a rift to the Prison Lord’s dimension,
litanies, attempting to heal their sicknesses with      merging the building into a state of twisted
devotions. Now the chapel is overtaken by the           madness. When the party enters, read this script.
cultists who use it for their dark rituals. When the
party approaches, read this script.




Special Door. The main door is locked, but you
should not allow the party to pick it. The only way
to open this door is with the Keyring in area B7.




                                             Whispers of Torment                                       13
14   Whispers of Torment
Encounter. The following enemies are present
here. You can use Map B: Cult Chapel to represent
the area. Place the enemies around the altar or in
a semi-circle below it. The party should be placed
along the bottom edge of the map, at the
opposite end from the altar. The pews can be
climbed over but count as difficult terrain, costing
twice the normal movement to scale. The Herald
of Agony uses two statblocks for this encounter, a
CR 3 version for lower levels and a CR 9 version for
higher levels. The room counts as the herald’s lair.   Ending the Encounter. When the party defeats
                                                       the Herald of Agony and his minions, the ritual’s
                                                       taint will begin to recede from the area. Review
                                                       the Ending the Adventure section to bring the
                                                       scenario to a close. Before concluding the
                                                       adventure, the party should be allowed to
                                                       continue to explore any remaining rooms in the
                                                       sanitorium, in particular the hidden laboratory
                                                       and body pit in areas C2 and C3 if they have not
                                                       done so already.




Loot. If the party defeats the Herald of Agony, roll
1d20. They find the item corresponding to the
highest score they reach. Add a bonus to the score
depending on the adventure difficulty.




                                            Whispers of Torment                                        15
16   Whispers of Torment
A9) South Belfry (Ground Floor)                        Climbing the Tower. The tower is difficult as the
                                                       only unstable handholds are broken sections of
The southern tower, standing 70 feet tall, is one of
                                                       scaffolding that still protrude from the wall. A PC
two mirrored towers, each containing a belfry.
                                                       may attempt to climb the tower by making a DC
Unfortunately, the wooden stairway that ascend
                                                       20 Dexterity (Acrobatics) check. On a failure, they
the tower has collapsed, making it difficult to
                                                       slip and fall. Roll 1d6 and they fall a total of 10
climb. A safer route may be taken by finding the
                                                       times the result in feet, taking 1d6 bludgeoning
northern tower in area A10. If the party enters
                                                       damage for every 10 feet fallen. For parties of APL
the tower from the ground floor, read the
                                                       2 or lower, reduce the character to 0 hit points
following script. Otherwise, if they enter the
                                                       but do not kill them outright if they lose all their
tower for the first time from the second floor,
                                                       hit points from this fall. If the party does manage
they see the priest’s body already hanging. The
                                                       to climb the tower, they make it to area B2.
priest is one of the caretakers, a victim of the
cult’s violence.
                                                       A10) North Belfry (Ground Floor)
                                                       The north tower mirrors the southern one,
                                                       standing 70 feet tall with a belfry at the top. An
                                                       intact wooden stairway ascends the tower,
                                                       rotating several times around the chamber as it
                                                       ascends to the top floor, area B1.




                                            Whispers of Torment                                             17
A11) Pyotr’s Alcove                                 Hidden Stairway. Like the rest of the locked doors
                                                    throughout the sanitorium, the sarcophagus can
This chamber is a small, secluded room of worship
                                                    be opened with a DC 15 Dexterity (Sleight of
dedicated to Saint Pyotr. Dominating the space is
                                                    Hands) check using thieves’ tools or unlocked with
When the party enters the area, read this script.
                                                    the Keyring found on Father Preston’s body in
                                                    area B7. If the sarcophagus is unlocked, its heavy
                                                    stone lid can be opened, revealing a secret
                                                    stairway descending to the hidden laboratory,
                                                    area C3. The laboratory contains evidence of vile
                                                    experimentation by the priestly caretakers of the
                                                    Sanitorium, along with the remains of many of
                                                    their victim subjects.

                                                    A12) Vestry
                                                    The vestry was a storeroom for the religious
                                                    paraphernalia and garments used by the priestly
                                                    caretakers. The small room is lined with wooden
                                                    cabinets and shelves, which hold an array of
                                                    clerical robes, chalices, and other sacred items, all
                                                    covered in a thick layer of dust.

                                                    Perception Check. If the party searches the room
                                                    for valuables, they should make a DC 10 Wisdom
                                                    (Perception) check. On a success, the party finds
                                                    1d4 several silver chalices and religious items,
                                                    worth 15 gp each.




18                                        Whispers of Torment
Whispers of Torment   19
LEVEL B (UPPER Floor)
The following areas correspond to Level B (Upper
Floor).

B1) North Belfry (Upper Floor)
The North Belfry on the upper floor is a high,
narrow chamber that houses one of the
sanitorium's twin bells. The bell housed here,
although dust-covered and silent, remains intact
and poised high above in the tower. The wooden
framework supporting the bell is sturdy. Large,
arched windows, though grimy, still hold their
glass, filtering the outside light into a somber
illumination within the chamber.

B2) South Belfry (Upper Floor)
The South Belfry on the upper floor is a high,
narrow chamber that houses the sanitorium's
second bell. Review area A9 to see what the party
can see looking down towards the bottom of the
tower. If they enter this area before A9, the victim
priest will have already been killed and his body
will be hanging from the bell.

B3) Upper Hallway
The upper hallway links to all the other rooms on
the floor. The passage is lined with faded paint
and the floorboards creak ominously underfoot,
betraying the age of the building. As the party
enters, they will begin to see some of the physical
effects of the Prison Realm creeping over into real
space. Strange illusions and corruption have
begun to spread in the area.




20                                           Whispers of Torment
B4) Patient Cells
This section of the sanitorium was dedicated to
holding the caretakers’ many deranged subjects.
The corridor is lined with small cells, their barred
doors rusted and creaking. Most are empty, the
patients either slain by the priests in the process
of dissecting them for medical research or
sacrificed in dark rituals by the cultists. However,
one disheveled occupant remains, lost to his own
madness. His twisted psyche was easily influenced
by the Prison Lord’s magics which now seep into
the sanitorium. The cult, seeing his madness, have
left him here alive, a kindred soul in suffering. As
the party comes to the patient, he will lose himself
entirely to the cult’s madness in a gruesome
display of self-mutilation. Read this script as the
party enters.




Madness Roll. The sight of the deranged patient
clawing at his own face has disturbed the party’s
sanity. Ask the party to make a Madness Roll (DC
10 Wisdom saving throw) and refer to the
Introduction section for the results.


                                            Whispers of Torment   21
B5) Caretaker Dormitory                                B6) Library
The dormitory once served as living quarters for       The library, once a repository of knowledge and
the priestly staff who maintained and ran the          sanctuary for study, now presents a scene of utter
sanitorium. The room contains several small beds,      devastation. The tortured body a few of the
each paired with a wooden chest at the foot. The       patients have been impaled on spikes here. Read
bedding is tattered and dusty, untouched for           this script when the party enters.
months since the cult took over, and personal
belongings are scattered as if left in a hurry. Read
this script as the party enters.




Perception Check. As the party investigates the
dormitory, allow them to make a Wisdom
(Perception) check to search for useful items          Perception Check. As the party investigates the
amidst the priests’ belongings. They find all items    dormitory, allow them to make a DC 10 Wisdom
on the following Perception Check table which          (Perception) check to search for useful items in
they roll high enough for.                             the library. On a success, they find a spell scroll of
                                                       the level in the following Perception Check table.
                                                       The spell written on the scroll is up to you, but you
                                                       can use the suggestions included on the table if
                                                       you wish.




22                                           Whispers of Torment
B7) Ignatius’ Office                                     Ignatius’ Journal. The blood-soaked book near the
                                                         priest’s body is his journal. It hints at what the
This room, once the administrative heart of the
                                                         clergy were doing here, and a way to access the
sanitorium, is now filled with victims of the cult
                                                         hidden laboratory in area C3.
including Father Ignatius himself. When the party
enters, read this script.




Encounter. The following enemies are present
here. They should attack the party on sight.




Key Ring. The party can take the keys from
Ignatius’ robes. It is a heavy keyring with a key to
every door in the facility. With these in hand, the
party can open any door around the sanitorium,
allowing them to access any areas they may not
have been able to earlier.



                                              Whispers of Torment                                       23
24   Whispers of Torment
LEVEL C (Dungeons)                                     Investigation Check. If the party investigates the
                                                       wall between area C1 and C2, allow them to make
The following areas correspond to Level C
                                                       an Intelligence (Investigation) check to search for
(Dungeons).
                                                       anything suspicious. On a success, they find an old
                                                       empty torch sconce on the wall which, when
C1) Undercroft                                         pulled, causes a small stone door to slide away
The undercroft is accessible by a stairway from the    from the wall, granting access to area C2. This
pantry in area A5 and serves as a storage room for     secret passage can only be opened from the C1
the sanitorium’s supplies.                             side and cannot be opened from the C2 side.
The room is cluttered with old furniture and
broken crates, and the walls are damp and
covered in mildew. The smell of rotting flesh
permeates the area, hinting at the mound of
corpses hiding behind the stone wall in area C2.
Describe this smell vividly to the party, as well as
the direction it is coming from.


                                            Whispers of Torment                                         25
C2) Body Disposal Pit
This grim chamber, deep beneath the sanitorium,
serves as the final resting place for countless
unfortunate souls. The pit is a dark, cavernous
space, its air thick with the stench of death and
decay. The ground is uneven, covered in a horrific
mound of decomposing corpses. Each body shows
signs of dissection or mutilation, a testament to
the gruesome experiments that were conducted
above. The area is accessible by a staircase         Nexus of Suffering. The body pit is a terrible
descending from behind the trap door in area A7,     concentration of suffering made real, a great
a secret entrance in area C1, or an earthen chute    atrocity the likes of which draws the attention of
from area C3. When the party enters, read this       the Prison Lord and his Tormentor Cults. The
script.                                              lingering essence of this inhumanity feeds into the
                                                     cultists’ rituals above, creating a powerful ley
                                                     energy that psychically feeds into the Prison
                                                     Realm, allowing the Prison Lord to grow stronger.
                                                     If the party uses detect magic here, they can sense
                                                     the faint energies emanating from the bodies, and
                                                     a DC 15 Intelligence (Arcana) check reveals that
                                                     this type of magic can be used to fuel nefarious
                                                     cult rituals.




26                                         Whispers of Torment
C3) Hidden Laboratory                                  Medical Notes. If the party investigates the
                                                       parchment papers by the body, they find a set of
Accessible by a hidden staircase below St. Pyotr's
                                                       medical notes regarding the research and twisted
sarcophagus in area A11, this secret room was
                                                       experiments conducted by the sanatorium
once the core of the sanitorium's darkest
                                                       caretakers upon their unwilling patients. This
activities, where the caretakers would dissect
                                                       collection of medical experiments document
their subjects in the name of scientific research.
                                                       Father Ignatius and his staff’s inhumane treatment
When the party enters the room, read this script.
                                                       of their subjects, dissecting and mutilating them,
                                                       often still alive, in the name of medical
                                                       advancement. These heinous acts, and the
                                                       suffering of their patients, is what drew the
                                                       attention of the Tormentor Cultists, and led to the
                                                       cult takeover of the facilities in service to their
                                                       Prison Lord, the Jailer.
                                                           What this research points to is a terrifying
                                                       reality in the world of Doaden. Corruption is a real
                                                       and physical phenomenon, and inescapable
                                                       plague that infects and grows within every mortal
                                                       from their inception to their death. Though the
                                                       corruption is not fully understood, it is inevitable
                                                       and inescapable, a blight that grows in the soil,
                                                       dusts the air, and accumulates in the flesh of all
                                                       living beings. Much is yet to be learned about this
                                                       blight, a mystery to be unraveled another day.

                                                       Sealed Sarcophagus. The sarcophagus in area A11
                                                       can only be unlocked and opened from above. If
                                                       the party has not already unlocked the
                                                       sarcophagus, they will have to go back and find
Earthen Chute. The party can use the chute in the      another way out.
room to descend to area C2, sliding all the way
down. They fall 10 feet at the end, taking 1d6
falling damage. Characters can descend the chute
without having to pass any checks, but to ascend
they must succeed on a DC 15 Acrobatics check. If
the party has not already explored area C3,
describe an overwhelming stench of rotten flesh
as they approach the chute, hinting at the mound
of decomposing bodies that have been dumped
there.




                                            Whispers of Torment                                         27
28   Whispers of Torment
Ending the Adventure                                    No Escape. The adventurers are bound to the fate
                                                        of the sanitorium until the herald of agony is truly
After the herald of agony's defeat, the thick veil of
                                                        defeated. Should they choose to flee before
corruption that has been suffocating the
                                                        accomplishing this task, their minds will continue
sanitorium will begin to dissolve. The dark
                                                        to fray, plagued by worsening insanities. These
energies will slowly recede, signaling the retreat of
                                                        symptoms are harbingers of their unresolved ties
the Jailer’s sinister forces at work. Here are the
                                                        to the cult's ritual, pulling them inexorably back to
next steps and considerations in ending the
                                                        the sanitorium to confront the darkness they left
adventure or continuing the experience with the
                                                        behind. Their insanities should not heal, and you
Tormentor Cults.
                                                        may in fact ask them to roll for new insanities if
                                                        they still need an additional push to get back and
Clearing the Corruption. With the herald's fall, the
                                                        resolve the adventure.
ritual effects that warped the sanitorium start to
unravel. The madness and the creeping blight and
strange illusions that the party found while
exploring the sanitorium will begin to fade and
revert to normal in 1d4 days. Had the parties not
defeated the cult, the Prison Realm would
continue to merge with reality creating a bleeding-
over of the dimension and allowing many demonic
creatures from that realm to enter the world, a
surely calamitous event.

                                             Whispers of Torment                                          29
               What’s Next?
               The events of this adventure, Whispers of
               Torment, are but an introduction to the torrid
               affairs of the Tormentor Cults and their dark
               patron, the Prison Lord. This adventure merely
               scratches the surface of the potential horrors and
               challenges.

                        A second module, Return of the Jailer,
               escalates the narrative, thrusting the party into a
               direct confrontation with a physical manifestation
               of the Prison Lord in a climactic, multi-phase boss
               fight. The Tormentor Cults Kickstarter Campaign
               expands the cults even more, with a plethora of
               monsters, villains, and twisted entities to enrich
               your dark fantasy settings.

                       The Faction Guide offers extensive
               resources for creating immersive, chilling
               adventures in this malevolent universe along with
               background lore and text. Dive deep into the
               Tormentor Cults, and let your creativity bring to
               life new tales of horror in the world of Doaden!




30   Whispers of Torment
Monsters & NPCs




      Whispers of Torment   31
     Cultist




                          Bruiser




32             Whispers of Torment
Demagogue




                        Cagehound




            Whispers of Torment     33
     Brute Warden




                                  Snatcher




34                  Whispers of Torment
Herald of Agony                                          screaming faces, and the air thick with the stench
                                                         of blood and decay. Dark fissures will open in the
The herald is a formidable servant of the Jailer,        earth to pulse with an eerie glow, releasing
imbued with dark energies and tasked with                whispers of anguish that chill the soul. Yet even
ensuring the completion of sinister rituals to open      before the ritual’s completion, in this lair, the
rifts between the prison realm and reality.              boundaries between the mortal world and the
Manifesting as a ghastly figure, draped in tattered      prison realm thin, allowing the Herald to draw
robes that barely conceal its mutilated form, the        upon the Jailer's power directly, enhancing its
herald exudes an aura of despair and torment. Its        abilities and making it a terror to confront in its
eyes, glowing with a malevolent red light, seek out      domain.
the suffering and fear of its victims, which it uses         The herald may infest other places as well. It is
to fuel its own malefic powers.                          drawn to sites of significant religious or sacred
                                                         importance that have been corrupted by
                                                         hypocrisy, brutality, and moral decay. Such places,
                                                         once hallowed grounds, become focal points for
                                                         the herald’s nefarious activities. Churches,
                                                         temples, or sanctuaries that once echoed with
                                                         prayers and hope but now resound with the cries
                                                         of the tormented and the echoes of desecration
                                                         are ideal lairs for the herald. The perversion of
Herald of Agony’s Lair                                   their once sacred purpose with the current horror
For this adventure, the herald’s lair is St. Pyotr’s     they host makes these sites particularly potent for
Sanitorium, which has been twisted by dark magic         the herald’s rituals. These locations serve as
into a horrific reflection of the Prison Lord’s realm.   perfect conduits for the herald's rituals, enabling
If the herald’s ritual is complete, the bleeding-over    easier access to the dark energies needed to
of the realm in the sanitorium becomes                   bridge the mortal world with the Prison Lord’s
indistinguishable from his dark master’s realm.          realm.
The walls will become strange and etched with

                                              Whispers of Torment                                          35
     Herald of Agony (CR 3)




Lair Actions
On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), the
herald can take a lair action to cause one of the
following effects:
                                                        •    Shadowy Chains. Shadows coalesce into
• Necrotic Pulse. The herald emits a pulse of
                                                             chains to grapple and restrain up to two
     necrotic energy. Each enemy creature within
                                                             creatures within 60 feet of the herald.
     30 feet of the herald must make a DC 13
                                                             Affected creatures must succeed on a DC 13
     Constitution saving throw, taking 4 (1d8)
                                                             Strength saving throw or be restrained until
     necrotic damage on a failed save, or half as
                                                             the end of their next turn.
     much damage on a successful one.




36                                            Whispers of Torment
  Herald of Agony (CR 9)




Lair Actions
On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), the
herald can take a lair action to cause one of the
                                                         •   Shadowy Chains. Shadows coalesce into
following effects:
                                                             chains to grapple and restrain up to two
• Necrotic Pulse. The herald emits a pulse of
                                                             creatures within 60 feet of the herald.
     necrotic energy. Each enemy creature within
                                                             Affected creatures must succeed on a DC 16
     30 feet of the herald must make a DC 16
                                                             Strength saving throw or be restrained until
     Constitution saving throw, taking 18 (4d8)
                                                             the end of their next turn
     necrotic damage on a failed save, or half as
     much damage on a successful one.




                                              Whispers of Torment                                           37
     ITEMS




38   Whispers of Torment
Whispers of Torment   39
LICENSE                                                               represent that Your Contributions are Your original creation
OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a                                        and/or You have sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by
The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc.      this License.
and is Copyright 2000 Wizards of the Coast, Inc ("Wizards"). All      6.Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT
Rights Reserved.                                                      NOTICE portion of this License to include the exact text of the
1. Definitions: (a)"Contributors" means the copyright and/or          COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content You are copying,
trademark owners who have contributed Open Game Content;              modifying or distributing, and You must add the title, the
(b)"Derivative Material" means copyrighted material including         copyright date, and the copyright holder's name to the
derivative works and translations (including into other computer      COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any original Open Game Content you
languages), potation, modification, correction, addition,             Distribute.
extension, upgrade, improvement, compilation, abridgment or           7. Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product
other form in which an existing work may be recast, transformed       Identity, including as an indication as to compatibility, except as
or adapted; (c) "Distribute" means to reproduce, license, rent,       expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the
lease, sell, broadcast, publicly display, transmit or otherwise       owner of each element of that Product Identity. You agree not to
distribute; (d)"Open Game Content" means the game mechanic            indicate compatibility or co-adaptability with any Trademark or
and includes the methods, procedures, processes and routines to       Registered Trademark in conjunction with a work containing
the extent such content does not embody the Product Identity          Open Game Content except as expressly licensed in another,
and is an enhancement over the prior art and any additional           independent Agreement with the owner of such Trademark or
content clearly identified as Open Game Content by the                Registered Trademark. The use of any Product Identity in Open
Contributor, and means any work covered by this License,              Game Content does not constitute a challenge to the ownership
including translations and derivative works under copyright law,      of that Product Identity. The owner of any Product Identity used
but specifically excludes Product Identity. (e) "Product Identity"    in Open Game Content shall retain all rights, title and interest in
means product and product line names, logos and identifying           and to that Product Identity.
marks including trade dress; artifacts; creatures characters;         8. Identification: If you distribute Open Game Content You must
stories, storylines, plots, thematic elements, dialogue, incidents,   clearly indicate which portions of the work that you are
language, artwork, symbols, designs, depictions, likenesses,          distributing are Open Game Content.
formats, poses, concepts, themes and graphic, photographic and        9. Updating the License: Wizards or its designated Agents may
other visual or audio representations; names and descriptions of      publish updated versions of this License. You may use any
characters, spells, enchantments, personalities, teams, personas,     authorized version of this License to copy, modify and distribute
likenesses and special abilities; places, locations, environments,    any Open Game Content originally distributed under any version
creatures, equipment, magical or supernatural abilities or effects,   of this License.
logos, symbols, or graphic designs; and any other trademark or        10. Copy of this License: You MUST include a copy of this License
registered trademark clearly identified as Product identity by the    with every copy of the Open Game Content You Distribute.
owner of the Product Identity, and which specifically excludes        11. Use of Contributor Credits: You may not market or advertise
the Open Game Content; (f) "Trademark" means the logos,               the Open Game Content using the name of any Contributor
names, mark, sign, motto, designs that are used by a Contributor      unless You have written permission from the Contributor to do
to identify itself or its products or the associated products         so.
contributed to the Open Game License by the Contributor (g)           12. Inability to Comply: If it is impossible for You to comply with
"Use", "Used" or "Using" means to use, Distribute, copy, edit,        any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the
format, modify, translate and otherwise create Derivative             Open Game Content due to statute, judicial order, or
Material of Open Game Content. (h) "You" or "Your" means the          governmental regulation then You may not Use any Open Game
licensee in terms of this agreement.                                  Material so affected.
2. The License: This License applies to any Open Game Content         13. Termination: This License will terminate automatically if You
that contains a notice indicating that the Open Game Content          fail to comply with all terms herein and fail to cure such breach
may only be Used under and in terms of this License. You must         within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses
affix such a notice to any Open Game Content that you Use. No         shall survive the termination of this License.
terms may be added to or subtracted from this License except as       14. Reformation: If any provision of this License is held to be
described by the License itself. No other terms or conditions may     unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the
be applied to any Open Game Content distributed using this            extent necessary to make it enforceable.
License.                                                              15. COPYRIGHT NOTICE
3.Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Open Game Content You            Open Game License v 1.0a Copyright 2000, Wizards of the Coast,
indicate Your acceptance of the terms of this License.                Inc.
4. Grant and Consideration: In consideration for agreeing to use      System Reference Document 5.0 Copyright 2016, Wizards of the
this License, the Contributors grant You a perpetual, worldwide,      Coast, Inc.; Authors Mike Mearls, Jeremy Crawford, Chris Perkins,
royalty-free, nonexclusive license with the exact terms of this       Rodney Thompson, Peter Lee, James Wyatt, Robert J. Schwalb,
License to Use, the Open Game Content.                                Bruce R. Cordell, Chris Sims, and Steve Townshend, based on
5.Representation of Authority to Contribute: If You are               original material by E. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.
contributing original material as Open Game Content, You              END OF LICENSE


40                                                        Whispers of Torment
www.bestiarumgames.com


     © Bestiarum Studio LLC 2024




           Whispers of Torment     41
